 Chandler: Course there, they just call it food.	yes

 Chandler: I'm still on my first. I just think you're nice. [Time lapse. Melanie, Joey's girlfriend, is there with Joey, Chandler, Monica, Phoebe, and Rachel. Ross is gone.]	yes

 Rachel: (picks it up) OK... ah, it's light... (shakes it)...it rattles... it's... (opens it) Travel Scrabble! Oooohhh, thank you! (she gives it back to him) (Chandler looks dejected. Rachel picks up another gift.)	yes

 Joey: (pats Chandler on the leg) That's good, just keep rubbing your head. That'll turn back time. Commercial Break	yes

 Chandler: Rachel, I love you! Deal with me first! (she leaves)	yes

 Chandler: At least as long as I have the pants. (Pause as Frankie resumes his work.)	yes

 Ross: Yes, yes it is. In prison! Whatsa matter with you?	yes

 Monica: Thank you. My hair is very amused.	yes

 Phoebe: (to Chandler and Ross) Thank you.	yes

 Rachel: No. No no no no no. That's Rodney McDowell. Andie McDowell is the guy from Planet of the Apes.	yes

 Chandler: Come on, you're going to Bloomingdale's with Julie? That's like cheating on Rachel in her house of worship.	yes

 Rachel: And sorta just put the receipt back in your pocket?	yes

 Monica: That is an excellent excellent question. That is excellent.	yes

 Rachel: Yeah, right.&nbsp; Sure!	yes

 Rachel: Oh, please, you wanted to get caught. (Waves the receipt)	yes

 Rachel: Oh, so you just sort of happened to leave it in here?	yes

 Monica: Did it ever occur to you that I might just be that stupid?	yes

 Rachel: Well that works out good, because I'm not listening.	yes

 Rachel: Oh, I'm sorry, did my back hurt your knife?	yes

 Rachel: Bye. (After Julie exits.) What a manipulative bitch. Closing Credits	yes

 CHANDLER: Uh-Oh. It's Isaac Newton, and he's pissed. MR. TREEGER: There she is. And over there, that's the other one. This is Mr. Buddy Boyle, Mr. Heckles' attorney. He'd like to talk to you.	yes

 ROSS: Please tell me you're joking.	yes

 CHANDLER: Wow, he looks so normal.	yes

 JOEY: So, you were both dorks. Big deal.	yes

 CHANDLER: Yeah, jus' second. Good-bye Mr. Heckles. We'll try to keep it down.	yes

 MONICA: Of course I wouldn't approve, I mean, you were totally in love with this guy who, hello, was gay. I mean, what the hell were you thinking?	yes

 RACHEL: Oh as, as opposed to your other multi-functional nipples?	yes

 CHANDLER: Joey was in a porno movie.	yes

 MONICA: That is wild.	yes

 RACHEL: [to Monica at the counter] Ooh, Julie's so smart, Julie's so special.	yes

 CHANDLER: Sorry, you had a paleontologist on your face. But, uh, it's gone now, you're alright.	yes

 ROSS: You ever figure out what that thing's for?	yes

 CHANDLER: Ok. Ok. Having a phone has finally paid off.	yes

 RACHEL: (sarcastically) Hi, Julie.	yes

 PHOEBE: Um, is, is there any chance that you're rounding up? You know, like from, like 20?	yes

 JOEY: If it's not you, this is a horrible story.	yes

 WAITER: (whispers) And what will that be on the side of?	yes

 CHANDLER: Whoa, whoa, prom night flashback.	yes

 CHANDLER: Why did you look at me when you said that?	yes

 CHANDLER: Yeah. Just let me grab my jacket and tell you I had sex today.	yes

 RACHEL: What, as part of your poor friends outreach program? (Monica's pager goes off)	yes

 MONICA: That is so funny. Let me see that. (throws the ball out the window)	yes

 CAROLINE: I assume we're talking about the baby now.	yes

 CHANDLER: Oh, that's good. Maybe he'll hear you and pull the cord.	yes

 CHANDLER: We have to assign heads to something.	yes

 RACH: That's just great. [she picks up her champagne and starts drinking]	yes

 MICH: No, no, I am, but only because for the last hour and a half I've been playing the movie Diner in my head.	yes

 RACH: Umm, I think there was a restaurant... I know there was wine. . . [Rachel looks at Ross as though she remembers something, but can't place what it is.]	yes

 JOEY: This man is my God.	yes

 CHAN: I mean, especially considering how tough it's been for you to find work.	yes

 JOEY: You got all that from saline solution?	yes

 RACH: Why didn't he call? He's gonna stay with Julie, isn't he? He's gonna stay with her and she's going to be all, &quot;Hi, I'm Julie, Ross picked me, and we're gonna to get married, have a lot of kids and dig up stuff together.&quot;	yes

 JOEY: You could say that.	yes

 MNCA: You know, that's true. You'd be a great person to have around the day after an emergency.	yes

 PHOE: Yeah, by the way, good luck in your next life as a dung beetle.	yes

 RACH: Oh, well, that's, that's mighty big of you, Ross. [to the others] I said don't go!	yes

 RACH: [to Monica] Is that him again? Tell him I'd come to the phone, but my ankles are weighin' me down.	yes

 CHANDLER: Which is why geese are so relaxed this time of year. [Ross enters with several bags from shopping.]	yes

 MONICA: Ross, that is gorgeous!	yes

 RACHEL: How have you never been on Oprah?	yes

 PHOEBE: OK, I smell smoke. Maybe that's 'cause someone's pants are on fire.	yes

 PHOEBE: OK, that makes no sense. Why would the villagers worship a pharmacist?	yes

 CHANDLER: Don't you have to be Claymation to say stuff like that?	yes

 JOEY: Monica, pigeons learn faster that you. [Ross approaches Rachel, away from everyone else.]	yes

 PHOEBE: Yeah, um, in Albany, can I have the number of Frank Buffay. . . OK, um, in Ithica. . . alright, um, Saratoga. . . Oneonta. Alright, you know what, you shouldn't call youself information. [hangs up] [Phoebe's grandmother enters]	yes

 PHOEBE: Hello grandma, if that is in fact your real name.	yes

 ROSS: Oh, oh that's right, I forgot about your ability to fuse metal.	yes

 ROSS: Hey, here's a theme: Come on in, live like bacon.	yes

 RACHEL: Huh-hoo, yeah, no, it's still basil.	yes

 ROSS: Not at all! I love this guy. Hey, I was so psyched to hear you're back with my sister!	yes

 JOEY: With a man?	yes

 PHOE: That is funny.	yes

 ROSS: See what? I don't know what she sees in... innn that goober. And it takes him, what? Like... like... I don't know, uhh... uhhh, hello.... a... week, to get out a sentence.	yes

 ROSS: ....................Yeah.	yes

 ROSS: Oh you do, do you?	yes

 ROSS: Hey, you're a doctor of gums. That's the smallest body part you can major in. It's like day one, floss. Day two, here's your diploma.	yes

 PHOE: Oh I do, it's.... it's Bob Saget. She hates him.	yes

 ROSS: No no no, I mean, hey, why shouldn't I be happy for you? What would it say about me if I couldn't revel in your joy? I'm revelling baby, believe me!	yes

 JOEY: Hey, if she were marrying a guy, she'd be like the worst lesbian ever.	yes

 CHANDLER: For a minute there I thought you were actually tryin' to smell something. [Monica and Rachel's]	yes

 CHANDLER: Well, of course, lambs are scarier. Otherwise the movie would've been called Silence of the Ducks.	yes

 RACHEL: Yeah, well just be glad he's not playing a smaller instrument. MRS GREEN: [laughing] You have some life here, sweetie.	yes

 MONICA: Why? It's not like I'm putting little nipples on them.	yes

 MONICA: Actually, I was gonna do them jullienne.	yes

 CHANDLER: Well, I'm guessing he wants to do a little dance. . . ya know, make a little love. . . well pretty much get down tonight.	yes

 ROSS: No no, no no, it's not flashy, not for a Goodfella.	yes

 MONICA: Anything larger back there?	yes

 CHANDLER: OK, I was wrong, that's what they used to cover Connecticut.	yes

 JOEY: Some girl ate Monica.	yes

 CHANDLER: Ahh, so how many cameras are actually on you?	yes

 CHANDLER: Well they were chair-shaped cows. They never would have survived in the wild.	yes

 MONICA: You've got to get back out there, it's your party. DR. BURKE: But they're so dull, they're all opthamologists.	yes

 MONICA: Alright, I'll tell you what. I'll come get you in 5 minutes with some sort of um, kabob emergency. DR. BURKE: OK. You better. Oh God, here we go. Hey wanna see 'em go nuts? Watch this. [grabbing some wine glasses and opening the door to the party] Who needs glasses? [everyone laughs]	yes

 CHANDLER: Listen can you guys uh, speak up, it's harder for us to hear you when you lower your voice. [Rachel and Ross go out in the hall]	yes

 RACHEL: Alright you guys, I'm takin' off my shirt.	yes

 ROSS: Who's Richard Burke? Doc, Doctor Burke? You have a date with Doctor Burke? Why, why, why should that bother me? I, I love that man, he's like a uh, brother to dad.	yes

 CHANDLER: Wow, that's lucky. What if her name was Big Ugly Splotch?	yes

 MONICA: Yeah. It's my dad's birthday, I decided to give him a stroke.	yes

 ROSS: Monica, Monica, you could come in straddling him, they still wouldn't believe it. [opens door] We're here. MRS. GELLER: Oh hi kids. Hi darling.	yes

 CHANDLER: Woah, woah, woah. I don't need a roommate either, OK? I can afford to live here by myself. Ya know, I may have to bring in somebody once a week to lick the silverware.	yes

 RACHEL: Really? You don't say, because mine was licked on by kittens.	yes

 JOEY: Alright, you're on. I can take two minutes out of my day to kick your ass.	yes

 CHANDLER: Your little men are gonna get scored on more times than your sister.	yes

 RACHEL: Maybe. But just a little one. Phoebe got the whole world.	yes

 CHANDLER: Oh yeah, you got the big TV. We'll be over there all the time. . . [Chandler gives him a look] except when we are here.	yes

 MONICA: Never call me from that phone. OPENING TITLES	yes

 CHANDLER: Now wait a minute, I claimed you in the name of France four years ago.	yes

 PHOEBE: OK. [singing] Smelly cat, smell-ly cat, what are they feeding you? Smelly cat [back up singers start singing smelly, smelly, smelly, smelly behind her] Oh woah, oh my God. I mean like, who was that?	yes

 PRODUCER: Honey, uh we, we can talk about this. It's just that it's costing about a hundred dollars a minute to be in here.	yes

 ROSS: Did you see me write one down?	yes

 EDDIE: [annoying laugh] Is this guy great or what?	yes

 MONICA: Oh that's great, why don't you tell mommy on me.	yes

 ROSS: And that wasn't fun for you?	yes

 MONICA: Then I won't have to kill you.	yes

 ROSS: My baby sister, ladies and gentlemen.	yes

 WRITER: Makes up most of his lines. Son-of-a-. Yeah, well, write this jerkweed.	yes

 RACHEL: Wow, I am so glad I'm not Monica right now.	yes

 ROSS: Oh yes, the weenie from Torrini.	yes

 EDDIE: That's very interesting, ya know, 'cause that's exactly what someone who slept with her would say.	yes

 ROSS: Oh, hey, if I make you laugh, here's an idea, why don't you invite Paulo over and have a little romp in the sack and I'll just stand in the corner and tell knock-knock jokes.	yes

 ROSS: Knock-knock.	yes

 MONICA: Alright, I tell you what, I'll give this to you now if you can tell me where we keep the dustpan.	yes

 RICHARD: Uh, in the future, if I could see the schedule beforehand...	yes

 CHANDLER: Ok, good night. [walks towards his room] You big freak of nature. CLOSING CREDITS	yes

 CHANDLER: Hannibal Lecter...better roommate than you.	yes

 MONICA: A mirror?	yes

 ROSS: Well I guess you can start by drivin a cab on Another World.	yes

 ROSS: Ok, well then get some sense. I mean it took you what, 10 years to get that job, who knows how long it's gonna be till you get another.	yes

 CHANDLER: Look Eddie, aren't you forgetting anything?	yes

 RACHEL: Well not when they find out you slept with Jason Hurley an hour after he broke up with Monica.	yes

 CHANDLER: [enters] Ding dong, the psycho's gone.	yes

 CHANDLER: Oh sweet Moses.	yes

 CHANDLER: Well I, I think we'd remember something like that.	yes

 CHANDLER: So is he housetrained or is he gonna leave little bathroom tiles all over the place? Stay. Good, STAY! Good fake dog. 	yes

 Phoebe: Oh, yeah, oh, I'm sure of it. You should just do it, just sweep and throw me.	yes

 Monica: I'm guessing your new girlfriend wouldn't urinate on my coffee table.	yes

 Phoebe: I can't believe you did that! Opening Credits	yes

 Chandler: Exactly. Weekend At Bernie's! Dead guy getting hit in the groin twenty, thirty times! No?	yes

 Chandler: THAT'S TOO MUCH INFORMATION!! Jay Leno: (on TV) Alright, so now you're doing this whole book tour thing, how is that going? Mrs. Bing: (on TV) Oh, fine. I'm leaving for New York tomorrow, which I hate- but I get to see my son, who I love...	yes

 Monica: Nah... not-not special enough.	yes

 Monica: Waaay too special.	yes

 Chandler: Well, I think you need to come out of your shell just a little.	yes

 Chandler: Okay, you guys spend waaaay too much time together. (Goes back inside and shuts the door)	yes

 Ross: I don't know, God, I... well, it's not like she's a regular mom, y'know? She's, she's sexy, she's...	yes

 Ross: Do they wait for me to do this? (Joey and Ross go into Monica and Rachel's apartment)	yes

 Joey: Uhhhh.... he's not even wearing a jockstrap!	yes

 Ross: Thanks, man, big help.	yes

 Ross: (To the rest of Central Perk) We're rehearsing a Greek play.	yes

 Chandler: That would be no. Look, just because you played tonsil tennis with my mom doesn't mean you know her. Alright? Trust me, you can't talk to her.	yes

 Ross: Okay, 'you' can't, or (Points to Chandler) you can't? (Chandler grabs his finger) Okay, that's my finger. (Chandler twists it and Ross goes down on one knee) That's, that's my knee. (To Central Perk) Still doing the play. Aaah!	yes

 Phoebe: Y'know what? We thought you were different. But I guess it was just the coma.	yes

 Chandler: No, just knowing you're gonna be there is enough. Mrs. Bing: Alright, well, be good, I love you. (Kisses him and goes to leave)	yes

 Joey: You usually find them on the 'heaving beasts'.	yes

 Ross: Wait, did you get to the part about his 'huge throbbing pens'? Tell ya, you don't wanna be around when he starts writing with those!	yes

 Ross: Wait&
 Joey: I don't know, birds just don't say, &quot;Hello, sit here, eat something.&quot;	yes

 Monica: So how does this work, you going to balance the plates on these little guys' heads?	yes

 Roger: That's pretty much it.	yes

 Rachel: Nice? They were nice. I mean, that's it? I mean, mittens are nice.	yes

 Roger: You're so funny! He's really funny! I wouldn't wanna be there when when the laughter stops.	yes

 Rachel: C'mon, he's right. Tit for tat.	yes

 Chandler: Oh, it's nothing, it's a little thing... I hate that guy.	yes

 Roger: I dunno. Maybe you wanted your marriage to fail.	yes

 Roger: Listen guys, it was great seeing you again. Mon, um, easy on those cookies, okay? Remember, they're just food, they're not love. (He shuts the door and Ross and Monica fling cookies at it)	yes

 Chandler: Oh look, it's the woman we ordered.	yes

 Chandler: C'mon, I'll show you to my room. ...That sounds so weird when it's not followed by &quot;No thanks, it's late.&quot;	yes

 Chandler: Sorry, my my thing was in there with me.	yes

 Chandler: If I turn into my parents, I'll either be an alcoholic blond chasing after twenty-year-old boys, or... I'll end up like my mom.	yes

 Phoebe: Oh, okay, except I broke up with Roger.	yes

 Janice: By the way, Chandler. I cut you out of all my pictures. So if you want, I have a bag with just your heads.	yes

 Chandler: Oh, what a crappy night!	yes

 Kristin: Wow, uh, anything else I should know?	yes

 Rachel: Really? Fireman No. 2: Oh, sure, Valentine's is our busiest night of the year.	yes

 Carol: Mushroom. Smile. They won't all be like this. Some women might even stay through dinner. Sorry, that's not funny	yes

 Ross: That's easy for you to say, you found one already.	yes

 Ross: OK, ahem, hey, does anybody know a good place if you're not dating a puma?	yes

 Rachel: Oh! I see. And I've sort of been maintaining my amateur status so that I can waitress in the Olympics.	yes

 Ross: Um... uh.... vulva. Commercial Break	yes

 Joey: (sarcastic) Whoaa!! You cuddled? How many times??	yes

 Chandler: It's OK. It's OK. I was always rooting for you two kids to get together.	yes

 Joey: I don&
 Jamie: I think we have an answer.	yes

 Jamie: This could be God&
 Phoebe: (Philosophically) Oh, that&
 Chandler: You know, once you&
 Mr.Heckles: See, this is just the kind of thing I was talking about. End	yes

 Chandler: Well, only if you order stuff.	yes

 Monica: Sure, every time, you're such a princess...	yes

 Joey: Oh no, I'm sure the Xerox machine caught a few. Opening Credits	yes

 Joey: Thank you.	yes

 Phoebe: A-ha! And... what is bluffing? Is it not another word for... lying?	yes

 Chandler: Um, ok... the... the fifth dentist caved and now they're all recommending Trident?	yes

 Chandler: Oh yes, yes, we could play some other game... like, uh, I don't know... Pictionary? (The guys all duck under the table.)	yes

 Joey: But hey, thanks for teachin' us Cross-Eyed Mary. You guys, we gotta play that at our regular game.	yes

 Chandler: That's alright, I'll take it. Bad things happen to me anyway. This way I can break 'em up with a movie.	yes

 Ross: So, you gals wanna hand over your money now? That way, we don't have to go through the formality of actually playing.	yes

 Rachel: Ooooh, that's fine. We'll see who has the last laugh there, monkey boy.	yes

 Ross: (mimicking Rachel) Mee mee, mee-mee mee.	yes

 Joey: I meant female nudity. Alright? I don't need to see Lou Grant frolicking. Monica and Phoebe: Hugh! Hugh Grant!	yes

 Chandler: They're still just friends, right?	yes

 Chandler: I can't remember the last time I got a girl to take care of my monkey.	yes

 Chandler: Hey, y'know what you should do? You should take her back to the 1890's, when that phrase was last used.	yes

 Rachel: Oh. Oh, those little clunky Amish things you think go with everything.	yes

 Monica: Okay, you stay here, and just wait by the phone. Spray Lysol in my shoe, and wait for Ross to kill you. (They all leave)	yes

 Monica: Mr. Heckles, our friend lost a monkey. Have you seen it? Mr. Heckles: I left a Belgian waffle out here, did you take it?	yes

 Monica: A monkey. Have you seen a monkey? Mr. Heckles: Saw Regis Philbin once...	yes

 Phoebe: Okay, thank you, Mr. Heckles. (They move off) Mr. Heckles: You owe me a waffle. [Cut to Monica and Rachel's.]	yes

 Monica: Pheebs, you remember how we talked about saying things quietly to yourself first?	yes

 Ross: (To Rachel) You had to be a bitch in high school, you couldn't've been fat.	yes

 Ross: We have got to start locking that door! Closing Credits	yes

 Chandler: Eh. I thought that was an alp.	yes

 Monica: I can't believe my parents are actually pressuring me to find one of you people.	yes

 Chandler: No, interestingly enough her leaf blower picked up.	yes

 Chandler: Hey, I've been honing!	yes

 Bobby: I'm twelve, I'm not stupid. (Rachel glares at him.)	yes

 Monica: Y'see, this is where you'd use that 'hello' word we talked about.	yes

 Chandler: I'm not gonna talk to her, she obviously got my message and is choosing not to call me. Now I'm needy and snubbed. God, I miss just being needy. (Rachel enters.)	yes

 Chandler: Hey, we haven't been on a second date, she needs to hear me pee?	yes

 Monica: Do you?	yes

 Rachel: Uh- which one of us are you talking to there, Barr?	yes

 Rachel: Please! During that second time you couldn't have picked her out of a lineup!	yes

 Rachel: Okay. Okay, we'll be here! Hating you! Did you see how he was sweating when he walked out of there? Listen honey, if I'm hogging the ball too much you just jump right in there and take a couple punches because I'm telling you, this feels great.	yes

 Rachel: And I hope Barry doesn't kill you and eat you in Aruba.	yes

 Chandler: Well, she seems very nice and everything, but that whole thing about her coming all the way down here, just to see if I was okay? I mean,... how needy is that? (They all groan and hit him..) End	yes

 Chandler: Well, that's what we said about Joey...	yes

 Chandler: Joey... Switzerland? (The waitress brings their coffee.)	yes

 Monica: Hi. (On the phone) Hi, uh, yes, this is Monica Geller. Um, I believe I'm taking some classes with you and I was wondering what they were.	yes

 Joey: (To Chandler) Hey! He beat ya.	yes

 Chandler: I know that one! ...No, that's Popes into a Volkswagen.	yes

 Chandler: Ah. Your own brand of vigilante justice.	yes

 Ross: Yeah, which she probably stole from some cheerleader.	yes

 Chandler: ...Take off their hats!	yes

 Monica: Wow. Then I would definitely not recommend Mrs. Doubtfire.	yes

 Phoebe: I'd say that chair's taking the brunt.	yes

 Chandler: You're kidding.	yes

 Chandler: (sarcastically) Oh, come on tell me. I could use another reason why women won't look at me.	yes

 Chandler: I'm sorry, it was a one-time-thing. I was very drunk and i was somebody else's subconscious.	yes

 Chandler: (sarcasticly) Thanks Joey, that's a good idea.	yes

 Chandler: Whoa! And this manchild has no problem with how old you are?	yes

 Ross: 'The hills were alive with the sound of music.' (Phoebe, Joey and Ross laughs)	yes

 Joey: Listen, the next time you talk to him, can you ask him which one the strongest Power Ranger is? (Ross and Chandler laughs)	yes

 Monica: Ha,ha, ha, oh my life is just so amusing. Could we drop it now? Joey, Chander, and Ross: Sorry.	yes

 Ross: It's morphin time!	yes

 Joey: Stegosaurus!	yes

 Ross: What are you doing? We're going to a hospital.	yes

 Chandler: Yes, Joey's made arrangements to have his baby in a movie from the 50's.	yes

 Lydia: Oh, boy, do they suck.	yes

 Ross: Yeah. I'm paying you to stop.	yes

 Lydia: Hey, Knick fan, am I interested in your views on fatherhood? Uh, no.	yes

 Ross: (to Susan) Thanks a lot.	yes

 Lydia: No, this is a loaner.	yes

 Ross: Every day is Lesbian Lover Day.	yes

 Phoebe: This is so great.	yes

 Carol: But they're not here yet! Dr. Franzblau: I'm sorry, I can't tell the baby to wait for them.	yes

 Phoebe: Which is why my answer is yes!	yes

 Ross: Baking it didn't help, huh?	yes

 Chandler: Yeah, you almost overreacted to something. Phoebe and Gary: (entering) Hey!	yes

 Phoebe: Okay, yeah, I'll see you later! Don't forget about the moving in!	yes

 Phoebe: (looks at the paper) Are these for rent! I thought people were just bragging!	yes

 Rachel: Show cat! Quality show cat! Show cat! (A woman approaches.) Woman No. 1: (looks into the box) Oh my God! What's wrong with your baby?!	yes

 Chandler: Oh that is over!	yes

 All: Yeah! As long as we're here! Ending Credits	yes

 Rachel: Yeah, it is amazing it lasted that long.	yes

 Rachel: No, I meant with the dropper over here. (Points at Chandler.)	yes

 Chandler: Okay, so Richard, Richard!	yes

 Ross: Dude, you are sick.	yes

 Joey: Oh, I'm sorry. I forgot you had that whole Rachel thing.	yes

 Rachel: Yeah, no, I don't-I don't put things in my eye. Dr. Miller: Okay then, I guess we'll see you back here in three months.	yes

 Monica: They're still in my coat.	yes

 Rachel: Well, wait a minute! The puss is good! It means it's healing! (Runs after him.)	yes

 Monica: Oh, I know! Umm, is it because he's always correcting people's grammar? Whom! Whom! Sometimes it's who!	yes

 Joey: Aw, come on! It'll be years before I forget you!	yes

 Phoebe: Why? Just 'cause you're too lazy to get up off your touchie?	yes

 Rachel: (under her breath) Sucker!	yes

 Phoebe: Oh! Okay, that actually makes more sense. So how was it?	yes

 Chandler: Y'know Pheebs, it's kinda our (His and Monica's) anniversary.	yes

 Rachel: No! So I can be by myself. Y'know? Have a little alone time.	yes

 Rachel: Yes, I'm sorry. Do you have any extra pants? Umm, my friend seems to have had a little accident.	yes

 Chandler: Again I must go back to, how?	yes

 Ross: My nana used to do it. That's how she paid for all my dance&
 Chandler: Yeah, I wanted to make a dramatic scene, but I hate packing.	yes

 Rachel: Ross, I am a human doodle!!	yes

 Phoebe: I know. Use it.	yes

 Ross: Well hello! I'm Ross!	yes

 Chandler: Hello! One marriage please!	yes

 Chandler: Are we gonna talk about what you guys did last night? Or&
 Chandler: Well, I think, I think, Ross already has one. Now, this one&
 Ross: Laugh it up, but the joke&
 Joey: An annulment? Ross! I don&
 Phoebe: Yes you do! This is your third divorce! You love divorce so much you&
 Monica: (sarcastic) Come on eight.	yes

 Chandler: (deadpan) Yes, yes eight. (Monica rolls the dice.)	yes

 Rachel: Hey, hubby!	yes

 Rachel: And I will make everyone call me Mrs. Geller!	yes

 Rachel: All right. Okay Chandler, enjoy your handful. (Exits.)	yes

 Ross: Well, I tried! But when I got to my lawyer&
 Monica: Okay, I gotta go find Rachel but umm, if you guys see her could you please try to give her some really bad news so that mine doesn&
 Phoebe: Hmm, something bad to tell Rachel&
 Chandler: (looking down) What gave me away?	yes

 Chandler: Well, I-I still think you&
 Rachel: And Chandler, you&
 Ross: &
 Ross: This is crazy! I mean, yes-yes Rachel is my good friend and I-I have loved her in the past, but now, she is just my wife! Phoebe, will you-will you help me out here?	yes

 Phoebe: Well, I thought you loved her when you-when you married her.	yes

 Phoebe: Hey! You could do a lot worse than Joey Tribbiani!!	yes

 Phoebe: Yes, and now he&
 Rachel: Are you okay? You&
 Rachel: Oh, all right. But y&
 Joey: Wow.	yes

 Rachel: Yeah, yeah I think I&
 Joey: I don&
 Chandler: No, I&
 Chandler: (reading the ad) &quot;Wanted. Female roommate, non-smoker, non-ugly.&quot; Nice!	yes

 Phoebe: I saw it.	yes

 Phoebe: Wow! I&
 Chandler: Okay, I get it. So, I get nothing! Nothing here is mine! Everything here is yours! I&
 Chandler: All right! That&
 Ross: Oh no, yeah no, that part&
 Monica: (under her breath) That you&
 Rachel: Well, who wouldn&
 Chandler: Just out of curiosity did she tell you how you&
 Phoebe: Oh, this is it. This what&
 Joey: Well, I&
 Ross: Open with a joke? It&
 Ross: Thank you!	yes

 Chandler: That&
 Chandler: Okay, make sure you look both ways before you cross the street.	yes

 Rachel: Yeah. (Monica walks away) Nice try! (Rachel puts them in a box.)	yes

 Monica: That you&
 Estelle: Well! Well! Well! Joey Tribbiani! So you came back huh? They think they can do better but they all come crawling back to Estelle!	yes

 Estelle: Really?!	yes

 Monica: (normal voice) Oh, you can have an accent and I can&
 Joey: Sure, now I&
 Phoebe: No-no, it&
 Chandler: Now, is that never talking about it again?!	yes

 Joey: Ah, just one thing umm, is it all right with you if I, if I scream right up until you say action? The Director: Uh sure.	yes

 Chandler: Ross, just for my own piece of mind, you&
 Chandler: You left a shoe here?!	yes

 Chandler: Oh good, when he comes back for his keys, I&
 Rachel: (deadpan) Oh look who it is, my husband. The apple of my eye.	yes

 Ross: What about the time I said we were on a break?	yes

 Chandler: Shocking! Since you still have the keys.	yes

 Chandler: You don&
 Chandler: There you are.	yes

 Monica: Yeah, two hours, a lifetime that&
 Monica: How are you still single?!	yes

 Monica: Damnit! Y&
 Rachel: Well, you would know.	yes

 Rachel: (to the judge) Okay, do you see, do you see what you&
 Chandler: But you found the keys to his clothes?	yes

 Chandler: That is true.	yes

 Phoebe: Yeah, but only a genius would swallow a sonic blaster gun.	yes

 Passerby: Maybe because you&
 Ross: The judge wouldn&
 Chandler: And protected them from a tornado? (Monica enters and her jaw drops in horror.)	yes

 Rachel: (deadpan) Oh honey thank God you&
 Ross: Congratulations. (Gets up to leave.)	yes

 Chandler: No, just the months you actually want to live here.	yes

 Chandler: Well, instead of just hanging out, we figure we&
 Phoebe: Well, what you&
 Chandler: Yes, but for the last time.	yes

 Monica: &quot;Hi I&
 Rachel: &quot;I&
 Monica: &quot;Oh my God, I love Ross! I hate Ross! I love Ross! I hate Ross!&quot;	yes

 Chandler: Still broken?	yes

 Rachel: I&
 Monica: Well, this is the last box of your clothes. I&
 Rachel: Funny, because I was just gonna go across the hall and write that on Chandler.	yes

 Rachel: Oh really? Like what Monica?	yes

 Rachel: Oh yeah, good start Mon.	yes

 Monica: When I take a shower, she leaves me little notes on the mirror.	yes

 Rachel: What?	yes

 Monica: Oh, So you can move them!	yes

 Joey: You a little sad about that sweetheart? [Scene, The Park: Phoebe and Rachel are getting ready to go running]	yes

 Chandler: What does it look like I'm doing? I am cleaning!	yes

 Chandler: Authorization? I don't need that. I'm gonna put everything back.	yes

 Chandler: She's not gonna care if I put her stuff back in the same stupid place.	yes

 Chandler: That's not specific to girls.	yes

 Rachel: Yes, but still. They're people&
 Janine: ...and live forever as a machine!	yes

 Chandler: Ba dum bumb cheshhh! End	yes

 Chandler: Hi, my name&
 Chandler: (Pointing to the table and picking up the box.) Is that your tiny little box, that&
 Monica: No, the one who looked at you once because you got in her way.	yes

 Rachel: Well, sure, but they might think it&
 Phoebe: (Hugging her again.) You&
 Ross: Maybe it&
 Phoebe: What am I supposed to do? Ask every guy I make out with if he&
 Janine: Well, I&
 Joey: I&
 Janine: It&
 Janine: It&
 Joey: (Voice cracking) Well that&
 Monica: Well, I think I shouldn&
 Chandler: No, no no no. You&
 Monica: She will be after tonight.	yes

 Rachel: Yeah I know. She ran into him at my office and they just&
 Chandler: Hi, I&
 Monica: All right, half the people. I mean, just try it and see.	yes

 Chandler: No thanks, Josephine.	yes

 Chandler: Hey Ross, I was wondering if&
 Chandler: Monica, could you excuse us for a second? I need to talk to the girl with the flowers.	yes

 Joey: It&
 Ross: What&
 Kim: Kenny the copyboy. Ending Credits	yes

 Chandler: Dehydrated Japanese noodles under fluorescent lights... does it get better than this?	yes

 Chandler: He's a he?	yes

 Chandler: Well, this is fascinating. So, uh, what is it about me?	yes

 Chandler: Oh, oh, a quality, good, because I was worried you guys were gonna be vague about this. (Phone rings; Monica gets it)	yes

 Monica: She is unbelievable, our mother is...	yes

 Ross: Okay, relax, relax. We are gonna be here for a while, it looks like, and we still have boyfriends and your career to cover.	yes

 Rachel: (exasperated) Yes, Chandler, that's exactly what it is. It's your hair.	yes

 Monica: ...And then we throw your body in the water... Gee, that does sound fun. Mr. Geller: Everyone thinks they know me. Everyone says 'Jack Geller, so predictable'. Maybe after I'm gone, they'll say 'Buried at sea! Huh!'.	yes

 Shelley: Y'know, it's a shame, because you and Lowell would've made a great couple.	yes

 Ross: And where she's going everyone else'll be dressier? Aunt Lillian: Could we see something in a slimmer heel?	yes

 Ross: Some days it's all I can think about.	yes

 Ross: What, we-uh- we don't have shoes here, or...?	yes

 Chandler: Nothing, just your overcoat sounds remarkably like Brent Mussberger.	yes

 Phoebe: God, what a great day. ...What? Weather-wise!	yes

 Ross: Will you make the mashed potatoes with the lumps?	yes

 Chandler: All right, I'm nine years old.	yes

 Girl: Um, leave.	yes

 Phoebe: No, we were just laughing. You know, how laughter can be infectious.	yes

 Joey: Set another place for Thanksgiving. My entire family thinks I have VD.	yes

 Ross: (singin) Hey, hey, I'm your daddy. I'm the one without any breasts.	yes

 Chandler: Ok, Monica, only dogs can hear you now, so, look, the door's open. Here we go. (They walk in. Smoke fills the apartment.)	yes

 Rachel: Oh, god, this is great! The plane is gone, so it looks like I'm stuck here with you guys.	yes

 All: That's so sweet.	yes

 Rachel: And a crappy New Year.	yes

 Chandler: Might wanna open with the snowman. (Enter Joey)	yes

 Chandler: (Quietly, to the others) That guy's going home with a note!	yes

 Joey: Hey, that guy's going home with more than a note!	yes

 Chandler: Too many jokes... must mock Joey!	yes

 Chandler: (entering) Hello children!	yes

 Joey: Oh that's mine too! (Grabs it and Ross looks at him.) I'm Italian!	yes

 Joey: But it's available now! Isn't it?	yes

 Chandler: Let's go quicker.	yes

 Joey: Oh, it's perfect!	yes

 Chandler: It's a kitchen slash bathroom.	yes

 Phoebe: Ooh, I love that place! (Thinks about it.) So, no.	yes

 Larry: Oh, so you're saying you'd choose convenience over health?!	yes

 Phoebe: Okay, stop! Larry, okay, can't you just be Larry and not Larry the health inspector guy? Y'know I mean it was really exciting at first but now it's like, okay, so where are we gonna eat ever?	yes

 Joey: Maybe, maybe we did a good thing, helping Ross get back on his feet!	yes

 Chandler: Yes that was a nice place!	yes

 Chandler: Not a lot of closet space, but he can just hang his stuff out the window in a bag!	yes

 Monica: I thought there wasn't a ball?	yes

 Rachel: (laughs) Yeah, okay, at ease solider!	yes

 Rachel: No, it's all right, you can just drop the act Tommy. I know what's going on here. Your Danny's wingman right? You guys are best buds. Frat bros!	yes

 Rachel: Yeah, yeah, you go talk to your friend. You tell him, &quot;Nice try.&quot; (He walks off.)	yes

 Joey: You're kidding!	yes

 Chandler: You're kidding, no!	yes

 Chandler: Well, I see you've had a very productive day. Don't you think the cowboy hat is a little much?	yes

 Monica: Phoebe, you have to lift it and point.	yes

 Chandler: Are you aware that you're still talking?	yes

 Ross: Huh, I don't know what to pick. Am I more thankful for my divorce or my eviction? Hmm.	yes

 Phoebe: Wow! See, and I didn't think you'd be able to come up with anything.	yes

 Joey: Oh, come on! I wanna hear it! It wouldn't be Thanksgiving without Chandler bumming us out!	yes

 Phoebe: Of course you don't sweetie. You're brand new.	yes

 Chandler: It's exactly like it sounds. Thanksgiving 1992	yes

 Joey: (pointing) It worked! I scared ya, I knew it! Ha-ha!	yes

 Chandler: I'm over here big guy.	yes

 Ross: Yeah that's the same.	yes

 Chandler: Oh, come on Monica, reliving past pain and getting depressed is what Thanksgiving is all about. Y'know, for me anyway. And of course, the Indians.	yes

 Ross: Hey. (To his parents) Happy Thanksgiving! Mr. Geller: (To Chandler) God, your hair sure is different!	yes

 Rachel: Well guys tend to get naked before they're gonna have sex.	yes

 Rachel: Then, you will definitely get him back!	yes

 Monica: What?! What is it? The Doctor: You brought a carrot.	yes

 Chandler: That's why for an entire year people called me Sir Limps-A-Lot?!	yes

 Chandler: Yeah, well, I miss the tip! It's the best part. It has the nail. (He storms out.)	yes

 Joey: You're a dork. [Cut to the hallway, Chandler is standing in front of his door.]	yes

 Chandler: You are so great! I love you! (Monica stops suddenly and turns around slowly.)	yes

 Ross: Well, they're not mine!	yes

 Joey: Yeah, they're mine.	yes

 Joey: Didn't think so. Opening Credits	yes

 Chandler: Well, what did the police say?	yes

 Joey: I'm surprised you didn't go home wearing your lunch.	yes

 Ross: Really?! So what would you say Pheebs? Stuff like uh, &quot;Keep your mitts off my grub?&quot;	yes

 Chandler: Say Ross, when you picture Phoebe living on the street, is she surrounded by the entire cast of Annie?	yes

 Phoebe: Would you care to venture one? The Teacher: Are you just repeating what I'm saying?	yes

 Phoebe: Are you just repeating what I'm saying? The Teacher: All right, let's move on.	yes

 Joey: So you uh, still wondering?	yes

 Joey: You guys promised you'd be more careful! I mean, come on! The good Joey name is being dragged through the mud here!	yes

 Joey: Well, get ready to come out of the non-gay closet!	yes

 Joey: All right. Hey, but it better make me look really, really good. (Starts for his room.) Oh, and another thing, the video camera? Nice!!	yes

 Phoebe: You didn't read this one either?!	yes

 Rachel: Come on Phoebe! Don&
 Phoebe: Fine! Okay, all right, so Jane Eyre, first of all, you'd think she's a woman, but she's not. She's a cyborg.	yes

 Phoebe: Yeah, this book was light years ahead of its time. The Teacher: (entering) Sorry I'm late. Let's get started. So, what did everybody think about Jane Eyre?	yes

 Phoebe: Umm, Rachel and I were just discussing it and she had some very interesting insights. The Teacher: Well, go ahead Rachel.	yes

 Chandler: And you're okay with that?	yes

 Rachel: Ohh. Oh, so you really wanted to learn. Yeah, y'know, Pheebs I just wanted to have fun. Ohh, you know who you should go with?	yes

 Chandler: Joey's a sex addict.	yes

 Monica: I guess I wanted to keep it (Pause) as a souvenir.	yes

 Joey: No! If anyone's a sex addict here, it's Monica! Yeah. Yeah. She has been trying to get me back in the sack ever since London!	yes

 Phoebe: I really thought you making a good point. I mean y'know, until you got cut off. A Female Student: Yeah, what's up with that girl Monica?	yes

 Joey: But, I love you.	yes

 Monica: Danny? You know Rachel? She&
 Estelle: Well, you&
 Phoebe: Just get your nails done?	yes

 Joey: Well, you suck! But at least you suck at a man's game now.	yes

 Chandler: Okay, but be careful okay, because I wanna get our security deposit back.	yes

 Ross: This is helping your career?! Huh? I thought you wanted to be an actor not the creator of crazy lawsuit game!	yes

 Rachel: So did I. I'm really glad Monica asked us out. (He kisses her.)	yes

 Monica: Yeah, good for you. Y'know you're tough, you lived on the streets.	yes

 Phoebe: Yeah, I'm gonna go back to being Street Phoebe. Yeah! Oh but, y'know what? I can't go totally back because Street Phoebe really wouldn't be friends with you guys. Sorry. (Leaves.)	yes

 Ross: I think he's been relaxing enough, thanks to you and Fireball.	yes

 Joey: Dude, if you think Fireball's relaxing, you've obviously have never played.	yes

 Ross: If it does? Then you're an amazing friend of mine.	yes

 Chandler: Oh yeah. First off all, chasing the Churo guy isn't jogging.	yes

 Rachel: Oh, great!	yes

 Joey: They're brother and sister!!!	yes

 Ross: Yay!	yes

 Chandler: This took you all day?!	yes

 Joey: All right! Here we go! 1999! The year of Joey!	yes

 Ross: Awww, man! Really?	yes

 Joey: Dude-dude, who would you rather have kiss your sister, me or Chandler?	yes

 Phoebe: It's so obvious, why doesn't he just ask?	yes

 Ross: Y'know what? I'm gonna go out on a limb and say no divorces in '99!	yes

 Monica: Hey Rach, maybe your resolution should be to umm, gossip less.	yes

 Joey: Nice!! Yeah! Is that part of your resolution, your new thing for today?	yes

 Phoebe: Hey everybody, Rachel was so good today. She didn't gossip at all.	yes

 Rachel: I didn&
 Phoebe: Then don't touch one!!	yes

 Monica: It's my New Year's resolution!	yes

 Joey: No, I'm not questioning it, I'm saying it's stupid! (Notices Monica standing between them and smiling.) What?! (The camera clicks, taking another picture.)	yes

 Joey: Your other student, was you!	yes

 Phoebe: Yeah, well, y'know maybe you just need to try a little harder!	yes

 Joey: And you're not supposed to be gossiping!!	yes

 Phoebe: No, I can't talk to you! I don't have a fancy ad in the Yellow Pages!	yes

 Joey: Howdy partner!	yes

 Rachel: Good luck, honey!	yes

 Joey: You don't know!	yes

 Joey: Sorry. Monica and Chandler are making love.	yes

 Ross: (disinterested) Hey-yeah. (He hurries up to the counter.) Hey Gunther, can I have a scone please? (To the gang.) Wanna hear some good news? Someone I know is getting married! Yeah! And weddings are happy occasions! Oh, by-the-by it's my ex-wife Emily!	yes

 Chandler: Oh, we had a lot of liquor left over from the Christmas party.	yes

 Chandler: I asked myself that very question, sir. Uh, (Points to Monica) this is Monica. (Points to his boss.) This is my boss, Doug. Doug this is Monica.	yes

 Chandler: Oh, that was my work laugh.	yes

 Chandler: Okay y'know what, because you said that, I'm not putting out tonight.	yes

 Joey: Maybe we should check the trash chute.	yes

 Rachel: Ross couldn't fit down the trash chute.	yes

 Rachel: Ohh, out, oh God, I don't know why we didn't think to check there!	yes

 is: OH&
 Rachel: Yeah! No that's what I was thinking.	yes

 Janice: So I'm asking you please, take a moment before you judge me.	yes

 Ross: Okay, I didn't know you would say that.	yes

 Rachel: Ross! Janice?!	yes

 Joey: All right, hold on! Hold on. Hold on. This is Ross, okay? He's our friend. He obviously went crazy. He obviously lost his mind.	yes

 Phoebe: So are you actually gonna see her again?	yes

 Joey: Phoebe! Don't put ideas in his head!	yes

 Joey: Damnit Phoebe!!	yes

 Monica: Well. Sounds like you're writing yourself a little play there Rach. Wow! Let me know how that one turns out.	yes

 Monica: I thought you could use the help.	yes

 Rachel: Oh! What a great way to earn some extra pocket money.	yes

 Chandler: I also want you to remember that I let you live here rent free!	yes

 Chandler: It's so good I don't know what I've done to deserve it!	yes

 Chandler: Good-bye muscles!! Opening Credits	yes

 Chandler: And you're gonna make them all disappear.	yes

 Joey: Yeah, like you could find something as sophisticated as this. (Chandler picks up a basket from the table and puts it on his head.)	yes

 Chandler: Done.	yes

 Joey: Maybe you need sex. I had sex a couple days ago.	yes

 Joey: Well, I ain't gonna say no to that.	yes

 Chandler: Wow! You look just like your son Mrs. Tribbiani!	yes

 Ross: Your make-up!	yes

 Chandler: And a date with a man!	yes

 Monica: Well, at least you scared someone.	yes

 Phoebe: As a masseuse and a human, I'm begging you, never do that to anyone!	yes

 Joey: All right look, let me show you the catalog! (Does so.) See? Huh? It's the latest thing! Everyone's got one! Men! Women! Children! Everyone's carrying them! The Casting Director: Umm, do you sell these bags?	yes

 Phoebe: Well, if she isn't then cremating her was a big mistake. Frank Sr.: I can't believe this. I just&
 Chandler: Oh my God!	yes

 Rachel: Well that is because your eye immediately goes to the big naked man.	yes

 Phoebe: Oh! Oh, I can't believe it! I mean I think it's great! For him. She might be able to do better.	yes

 Joey: Yes, but y'know what? It doesn't matter who knows what. Now, enough of us know that we can just tell them that we know! Then all the lying and the secrets would finally be over!	yes

 Joey: Oh yeah? Well, you don't know about Hugsy, my bedtime penguin pal. (Joey shies away.)	yes

 Chandler: Ow!	yes

 Chandler: Oh, y'know I-I can't hear that enough.	yes

 Monica: This bicep?	yes

 Chandler: Well it's not flexed right now!	yes

 Monica: Actually, I did!	yes

 Chandler: (a little hurt) Okay but what about y'know my pinchable butt and my bulging biceps&
 Joey: I'm sorry! But hey, it's over now, right? Because you can tell them that you know they know and I can go back to knowing absolutely nothing!	yes

 Chandler: Ahh yes, the messers become the messies!	yes

 Joey: I'm listening.	yes

 Joey: So he likes to break stuff.	yes

 Joey: Yeah, poor cat, never saw that big butt coming.	yes

 Joey: I couldn't even if I wanted too.	yes

 Chandler: Oh yeah, they're totally gonna back down!	yes

 Chandler: At this?!	yes

 Chandler: Oh, I'm going on the lamb.	yes

 Joey: Sure, if you cared enough to call it first.	yes

 Monica: Guys, you're a few steps ahead of us.	yes

 Rachel: She is so cute! You could fit her right in your little pocket!	yes

 Monica: In that cute, little, sweet way she just did?	yes

 Chandler: Hey listen, come on, Joey is having a problem! A little girl is beating him up.	yes

 Chandler: (To Rachel) Sounds like a fun party.	yes

 Rachel: And that crazy party animal will be your brother-in-law.	yes

 Chandler: I don't see it that way. Okay? Because, I see two Monicas, the one that was my friend, who lived across the hall, and wanted to have a lot of babies and then the new Monica, who I just started to date. Now, who's to say what she wants?! I&
 Rachel: Not unless different means the same.	yes

 Monica: Oh and you know what I want!	yes

 Monica: You don't know everything. Did you know that I'm going out with Rachel tonight instead of you? Hmm? And did you know that the only baby around here is you?! And did you know that I can't even look at you right now?! (She storms out.)	yes

 Rachel: Hi! Wow! You look, you look&
 Rachel: Uhhh, yeah. But it's not obvious why.	yes

 Rachel: Ohh, and the nicest girlfriend! (She retaliates.)	yes

 Monica: Who? Two divorces and Joey?!	yes

 Ross: You're right, I'm sorry. Will you marry me? (They all laugh.)	yes

 Rachel: Oh no wait Pheebs, I think for something like that you just ask them to move in with you. But I'm not sure, Chandler?	yes

 Chandler: Okay, how long is this going to go on.	yes

 Joey: Aww, you guys are so cute!	yes

 Joey: Well uh, it's just that uh, y'know if-if you're gonna be wearing someone's sweatshirt shouldn't it be your boyfriends--and I&
 Joey: No-no! No! I mean it's gonna be all smelling like Monica!	yes

 Joey: No! No, you smell like a meadow. (Pause.) I'm sorry. (Runs to the bathroom.)	yes

 Ross: Yeah! The Salesman: You two are really gonna enjoy that couch.	yes

 Rachel: Ross! The Salesman: Well you, her, I mean, she's very&
 Phoebe: You can't put your cigarette out on a tree! The Smoking Woman: Yeah I can, it worked real well.	yes

 Rachel: Okay, y'know what? There is no more left, left!	yes

 Rachel: Any chance you think the couch looks good there?	yes

 Monica: You become friends after?	yes

 Joey: Yeah. I understand. I understand. (Pause) Man, I wish I saw Phoebe first!	yes

 Ross: Chandler?! You brought Chandler?! The next best thing would be Monica!	yes

 Chandler: (looking at the sketch) Oh, I see. I thought you just really, really liked your new couch.	yes

 Joey: Well because you didn't give me advice! No! You gave me a pickup line! As soon as I told her I wanted to y'know, build a foundation and be friends first. I suddenly, through no fault of my own, became irresistible to her! (Pause) And her roommate!	yes

 Joey: Closeness-shmoshness! There was three of us for crying out loud!	yes

 Phoebe: Ohh, impressive.	yes

 Chandler: (To Rachel) He has a gun! Closing Credits	yes

 Phoebe: Let's just say, I'm glad I'm not Chandler. (Chandler tries to comprehend that remark.) Opening Credits	yes

 Monica: Is he doing his shark attack bit yet?	yes

 Monica: Wow! For just a week you guys are really close, huh?	yes

 Joey: Did you tell the guy you wanted to have sex with his wife and then fall right out of your chair?	yes

 Rachel: Thanks Chandler.	yes

 Chandler: That was amazing.	yes

 Chandler: Honey, the tortilla chips know what you mean.	yes

 Chandler: No. And if I did, I don't think we'd be going out. Monica, this is getting ridiculous!	yes

 Chandler: Oh wow! Is that what this all have been about?	yes

 Chandler: That. Opening Credits	yes

 Chandler: Unwilling to steal from work, interesting.	yes

 Rachel: Okay guys, way to wish me luck!	yes

 Joey: They're gonna do it together.	yes

 Nancy: She is kidding, but don't ever disagree with her again. Okay, now I'm kidding!	yes

 Phoebe: Cups and ice? Ooh, I get to be in charge of cups and ice? (Thinks of something) All right. Fine, okay, I will be in charge of cups and ice!	yes

 Kyle: Oh, oh, I thought we were just talking. Commercial Break	yes

 Chandler: Oh good, because uh we got Rachel 800 gallons of water.	yes

 Phoebe: Yeah well, that's 'cause Monica put me in charge of cups and ice, and Monica is gonna rue the day that she put me in charge of cups and ice.	yes

 Chandler: (shocked) Well I mean, let me get the door first. (Goes and opens the door.) Oh, hi! No one. (Exits.)	yes

 Joey: At least I care about his feelings!	yes

 Joey: Yeah?! So's yours!	yes

 Chandler: Yes you did! You look happy and sick; you smoked!	yes

 Chandler: I wish I had smoked for my career&
 Phoebe: (To Chandler) Check it out! Cup hat! (Points to her hat.) Cup banner! Cup chandelier! And the thing that started it all, the cup! (Holds up one.)	yes

 All: Surprise!	yes

 Rachel: Wow! This is great! Look at all these cups! This is so weird.	yes

 Rachel: Oh, okay, not so weird. [Cut to another part of the room, Ross is going to talk to Joey.]	yes

 Phoebe: Sounds like somebody wants to be Mr. Pizza Delivery Girl.	yes

 Rachel: Okay, y'know what? We don't need her measurements.	yes

 Chandler: Thank you for that! (To Monica) I was not flirting.	yes

 Rachel: Uhh, no, no, it bothered me when he slept with other women.	yes

 Ross: And thank you, for that.	yes

 Rachel: Okay that is the one we already have!	yes

 Chandler: Doesn't know, &quot;Hello.&quot; But she knows Capricorn One. (Phoebe gets up.)	yes

 Chandler: Oh the humanity.	yes

 Chandler: More so than anything else.	yes

 Caitlin: Oh my God! That was flirting?!	yes

 Caitlin: Wow!	yes

 Rachel: I know, I know, but uh just, I'm telling you, once, once you get past that part, that where it-it just feels like you wanna die, he's-he's really a good person.	yes

 Rachel: Yay!	yes

 Chandler: Why am I looking?	yes

 Chandler: You couldn't have at least changed your shirt.	yes

 Monica: Not as each other!	yes

 Rachel: Ohh, thank God! Finally!	yes

 Rachel: Great! Thanks!	yes

 Monica: What?! I-I-I don't, I don't do that! (Rachel slowly leaves the apartment.)	yes

 Joey: (dejected) Yeah okay. (To Chandler) Even though my tax dollars paid for this car.	yes

 Monica: See if he has ice.	yes

 Joey: Oh what? Like your Mr. Cop!	yes

 Joey: Yeah, what's up with that Serpico?	yes

 Rachel: I don't think he's the one who needs help. (They both sit down.)	yes

 Monica: Well, if you're gonna be totally rational about this, I can't argue with you! All right? Fine, if you wanna tell him, tell him. I just don't want to be a part of it. (The phone rings.)	yes

 Monica: Wow! Play that message for Emily and this whole problem goes away!	yes

 Joey: Cut it out Ross! I hate to have to save your life and kick your ass in the same day!	yes

 Chandler: Oh, I just went for a walk, around the living room. Whatever&
 Chandler: From a bullet!	yes

 Chandler: Much sense?!	yes

 Rachel: Because a car backfired?	yes

 Rachel: (going out the door) Yeah, uh you-you probably need that for stamps, right? (Ross is stunned.) Ending Credits	yes

 Ross: Why is it inside out?!	yes

 Chandler: Hey ladies! What are you in here for? (Laughs at his joke.)	yes

 Chandler: Were you're parents happy, or something?	yes

 Ross: How do you know? You don't have a watch.	yes

 Ross: Doesn't sound as crazy as paying a thousand dollars for a cat.	yes

 Joey: C'mon, you're going out with the guy! There's gotta be something wrong with him!	yes

 Joey: Instead of...?	yes

 Monica: And they weren't looking at you before?!	yes

 Joey: This guy says hello, I wanna kill myself.	yes

 Ross: You can see where he'd have trouble.	yes

 Monica: Oh God, is it	yes

 Ross: He finally asked you out?	yes

 Monica: (horrified) Really?	yes

 Rachel: Well, I was kinda supposed to be headed for Aruba on my honeymoon, so nothing!	yes

 Phoebe: Oh, I wish I could, but I don't want to. Commercial Break	yes

 Ross: You guys.	yes

 Chandler: Oh my God!	yes

 Monica: -leg?	yes

 Monica: I know being spit on is probably not what you need right now. Um... how long?	yes

 Monica: Wow! I'm-I'm-I'm glad you smashed her watch!	yes

 Chandler: That is amazing.	yes

 Chandler: If can invade Poland, there isn't anything I can't do.	yes

 Chandler: All right, kids, I gotta get to work. If I don't input those numbers,... it doesn't make much of a difference...	yes

 Monica: Yeah, we all have jobs. See, that's how we buy stuff.	yes

 Monica: Oh wait, wait, unless you happened to catch the Reruns' production of Pinocchio, at the little theater in the park.	yes

 Chandler: 'Look, Gippetto, I'm a real live boy.'	yes

 Rachel: Oh wow. Are you in trouble.	yes

 Monica: Big time!	yes

 Chandler: Oh, how well you know me...	yes

 Rachel: They're my new 'I don't need a job, I don't need my parents, I've got great boots' boots!	yes

 Rachel: I know that. That's why I was getting married.	yes

 Monica: You can, I know you can!	yes

 Ross: Come on, you made coffee! &nbsp; You can do anything! (Chandler slowly tries to hide the now dead plant from that morning when he and Joey poured their coffee into it.)	yes

 Monica: I said that you had a nice butt, it's just not a great butt.	yes

 Joey: Oh, you wouldn't know a great butt if it came up and bit ya.	yes

 Chandler: Did you make it, or are you just serving it?	yes

 All: Yeah. Yeah, I'll have a cup of coffee.	yes

 Joey: Yeah, right!.......Y'serious?	yes

 Chandler: Yeah, I think for us, kissing is pretty much like an opening act, y'know? I mean it's like the stand-up comedian you have to sit through before Pink Floyd comes out.	yes

 Joey: (pause)....Are we still talking about sex? Opening Credits	yes

 Marsha: Speaking of issues, isn't that your ex-wife? (Carol, Ross's ex-wife, has entered behind them and is standing outstide the exhibit.)	yes

 Ross: You look great. I, uh... I hate that.	yes

 Carol: Sorry. You look good too.	yes

 Carol: A lesbian?	yes

 Phoebe: Yeah, it's beautiful.	yes

 Phoebe: Doy! Probably right before she lost it!	yes

 Chandler: Kinda puts that whole pillow thing in perspective, huh, Mon?	yes

 Rachel: Well now, how-how do you fit into this whole thing?	yes

 Phoebe: She is so great! I miss her.	yes

 Ross: Well, y'know, these people are pros. They know what they're doing, they take their time, they get the job done.	yes

 Monica: Boy, I know they say you can't change your parents,... boy, if you could- (To Ross) -I'd want yours.	yes

 Phoebe: She's a waitress.	yes

 Chandler: Well, no, although I did have an imaginary friend, who... my parents actually preferred.	yes

 Rachel: So, got any advice? Y'know, as someone who's recently been- dumped?	yes

 Ross: Still, you- you say Minnie, you hear Mouse. Um, how about, um.. how about Julia?	yes

 Rachel: Wow.	yes

 Ross: Thank you!	yes

 Susan: Yeah, and we all know what a challenge that is!	yes

 Ross: My way?! You-you think this is my way? Believe me, of all the ways I ever imagined this moment in my life being, this is not my way- y'know what? Uh, um, this is too hard. I'm not, I can't do- Dr. Oberman: (entering) Knock knock!How are we today? Any nausea?	yes

 Chandler: I dunno, but.. I think it's about to attack the Enterprise.	yes

 Phoebe: Or, or, y'know, um, 'I think we should see other people' means 'Ha, ha, I already am'.	yes

 Chandler: I think this is probably why Damone smokes in his cell alone.	yes

 Chandler: Oh, Satan's minions at work again...	yes

 Phoebe: Yes, 'cause now I have to go down there, and deal with them.	yes

 Rachel: Yeah, but if you spent it, it would be like shopping!	yes

 Chandler: And this- is my reward!	yes

 Chandler: What are you talking about? We love Schhteve! Schhteve was schhexy!.. Sorry.	yes

 Monica: I know. I just wish that once, I'd bring a guy home that they actually liked.	yes

 Monica: (to all) Okay, please be good, please. Just remember how much you all like me. (She opens the door and Alan enters.)	yes

 Ross: ...I'll go. Let's start with the way he kept picking at- no, I'm sorry, I can't do this, can't do this. We loved him.	yes

 Monica: Wait a minute! We're talking about someone that I'm going out with?	yes

 Joey: Know what was great? The way his smile was kinda crooked.	yes

 Phoebe: Yes, yes! Like the man in the shoe!	yes

 Ross: ...What shoe?	yes

 Monica: Really!	yes

 Chandler: Oh, yeah. I'd marry him just for his David Hasselhof impression alone. You know I'm gonna be doing that at parties, right? (Does the impression)	yes

 Rachel: Well, no. That's impossible. You can never be too Alan.	yes

 Lizzie: Did you pick out the vowels?	yes

 Phoebe: Yes. But I left in the Ys. 'Cause, y'know, &quot;sometimes y&quot;. Uh, I also have something else for you. (She searches in her purse.)	yes

 Lizzie: Would you like my tin-foil hat?	yes

 Chandler: Well, maybe it's a contest, y'know? Like, collect all five?	yes

 Phoebe: Yeah, 'cause otherwise someone might get what they actually ordered.	yes

 Monica: No, he'll be fine. It's the other five I'm worried about.	yes

 Joey: Even nicer when everyone gets to wear their underwear..	yes

 Rachel: We didn't change..	yes

 Alan: Wow.	yes

 Monica: He said he's really gonna miss you guys. (dubious look)	yes

 Phoebe: My grandmother has this new boyfriend, and they're both kind of insecure in bed. Oh, and deaf. So they're constantly, like, having to reassure each other that they're having a good time. You have no idea how loud they are!	yes

 Chandler: You got waaaay too much free time.	yes

 Ross: Funny, my birthday was seven months ago.	yes

 Ross: You can totally, totally live on this.	yes

 Phoebe: (to Monica) Look, look, I have elbows! (They scream.)	yes

 Chandler: Listen, it's kind of an emergency. Well, I guess you know that, or we'd be in the predicament room. (The receptionist glares at him.)	yes

 Rachel: (miserably) No, no, that's not what we ordered... We ordered a fat-free crust with extra cheese. Pizza Guy: Wait, you're not 'G.Stephanopoulos?' Man, my dad's gonna kill me!	yes

 Monica: Wait, was this a-a small mediterranean guy with curiously intelligent good looks? Pizza Guy: Yeah, that sounds about right.	yes

 Joey: With Carol? (Ross gives him a look.) Oh.	yes

 Joey: Whoah, boy, hockey was a big mistake! There was a whole bunch of stuff we could've done tonight!	yes

 Monica: Well, unless goose is a vegetable...ha haaaah!	yes

 Phoebe: Oh! Oh! Oh! Okay, fine, fine. Now I don't feel so bad about sleeping with Jason Hurley.	yes

 Monica: Oh, that's nice!	yes

 Receptionist: (sarcastic) Oh, that's attractive.	yes

 Ross: ...Now that was fun. Closing Credits	yes

 Rachel: (on phone) I've got magic beans. (Listens) Never-never mind.	yes

 Rachel: Come on! You guys can pee standing up.	yes

 Chandler: We can? All right, I'm tryin' that.	yes

 Ross: Multiple orgasms! Opening Credits	yes

 Chandler: Oh, thanks, but I think she'd feel like we're gangin' up on her.	yes

 Chandler: Ooh, I hate when my father calls me that.	yes

 Monica: Wow, being dumped by you obviously agrees with her.	yes

 Rachel: Oh, big glamour night. Me and Monica at Laundorama.	yes

 Ross: Oh, you uh, you wanna hear a freaky coincidence? Guess who's doing laundry there too?	yes

 Angela: Bob is great. He's smart, he's sophisticated, and he has a real job. You, you go on three auditions a month and you call yourself an actor, but Bob...	yes

 Ross: It's laundry. The thinking through is minimal.	yes

 Chandler: Well, you may wanna rethink the dirty underwear. This is basically the first time she's gonna see your underwear&
 Phoebe: This is nice. We never do anything just the two of us.	yes

 Phoebe: Ok, have a good break-up.	yes

 Monica: How, how did that happen?	yes

 Joey: Oh, like you've never gotten a little rambunctious with Ross.	yes

 Chandler: Oh, I don't know, a million?	yes

 Phoebe: Chandler, easy, easy. Go to your happy place. La la la la la la la.	yes

 Chandler: We should always always break up together.	yes

 Rachel: Oh, I guess. Except everything looks like jammies now. (The same woman walks over and takes Rachel's laundry cart.)	yes

 Ross: What a beautiful story. Hey, I'm fine by the way.	yes

 Phoebe: Oh, he needed some time to grieve. (Chandler runs by the window outside, joyous.)	yes

 Chandler: I'm free! I'm free!	yes

 Monica: Did anybody else feel they just wanted to peel the skin off their body, to have something else to do?	yes

 Chandler: Oh yeah, and what would my opening line be? 'Excuse me. Blarrglarrghh.'	yes

 Rachel: Oh, c'mon. She's a person, you can do it!	yes

 Chandler: Thank you, buddy.	yes

 Phoebe: Oh, oh, but y'know, you always see these really beautiful women with these really nothing guys, you could be one of those guys.	yes

 Monica: You could do that!	yes

 Chandler: Y'think?	yes

 All: Yeah!	yes

 Ross: C'mon! C'mon!	yes

 Chandler: Well, I can't believe I've been here almost seven seconds and you haven't asked me how my date went.	yes

 Joey: When I'm with a woman, I need to know that I'm going out with more people than she is.	yes

 Ross: Oh yeah, nobody knows. And we're not supposed to ask.	yes

 Monica: Oh my God. Okay, go into the bathroom, use whatever you want, just don't ever tell me what you did in there.	yes

 Chandler: No, actually I meant my fingers. Look at 'em, look at how happy they are.	yes

 Chandler: (to Ross) &quot;Big guy?&quot;	yes

 Joey: Hard to tell, I was naked.	yes

 Phoebe: No, I don't think this was your shot. I mean, I don't even think you just get one shot. I really believe big things are gonna happen for you, I do! You've gotta just keep thinking about the day that some kid is gonna run up to his friends and go 'I got the part! I got the part! I'm gonna be Joey Tribbiani's ass!'.	yes

 Rachel: Wow, this is so cool, you guys. The entire city is blacked out!	yes

 Rachel: Wow, you guys, this is big.	yes

 Ross: And officiating at tonight's blackout, is Rabbi Tribbiani.	yes

 Rachel: I just never had a relationship with that kind of passion, you know, where you have to have somebody right there, in the middle of a theme park.	yes

 Ross: No, I mean tonight, in the building. Suddenly. Into our lives.	yes

 Ross: Do you know the word crapweasel?	yes

 Monica: Great&
 Chandler: Yeah, it&
 Chandler: And I&
 Chandler: I can't believe she can out run you man!	yes

 Joey: Say that to him and you're golden. (She just glares at him.)	yes

 Ross: I can't catch a break!	yes

 Rachel: Why? Why not?! People love to hear that!	yes

 Chandler: Well, I'm gonna go home and bask in the triumph of my Central Park idea. (Gets up to leave.)	yes

 Phoebe: That's fine, just don't bring it in my mouth.	yes

 Joey: Which, is the new plan!	yes

 Ross: Well, well I am married. Even though I haven't spoken to my wife since the wedding.	yes

 Joey: Uh, Pheebs, you're leaking?	yes

 Rachel: I am so gonna miss watching you freak people out like that!	yes

 Phoebe: That's easy for you to say, I don't see three kids coming out your vagina!	yes

 Chandler: Yeah, that's when if you get the babies out by the end of the month, they give you 2% financing.	yes

 Joey: Oh my!	yes

 Joey: Not in my head.	yes

 Joey: (in a sexy voice) Yep! There's always room for Jell-O&
 Rachel: Joey, how do you make that dirty?	yes

 Phoebe: It's very weird! I don't want some guy down there telling me, I'm y'know, dilatedamundo!	yes

 Frank: Oh cool! You made him cry!	yes

 Monica: Me too.	yes

 Rachel: Y'know who I always liked? Mork. (Dr. Harad drops what he's doing and stares at her.)	yes

 Phoebe: Sorry Frank, I'm kinda in the middle of the last favor you asked me to do. (A male nurse enters.) Male Nurse: Hey!	yes

 Ross: I do too! I do too!	yes

 Ross: You did it, man. Joey's Doctor: Would you like to see them? (He hands Joey a little jar.)	yes

 Joey: They're so small! (Both he and Ross look at them with satisfied looks on their faces.)	yes

 Phoebe: They're gonna call her Chandler.	yes

 Phoebe: Works on you. End <!--webbot bot="ImageMap" startspan rectangle=" (136,1) (193, 59)  http://thecfsi.com/season5/504pbs.htm" rectangle=" (68,1) (126, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season5.htm" rectangle=" (0,1) (58, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season5/502kiss.htm" src="../contrl08.gif" width="194" height="60" alt="contrl08.gif (14783 bytes)" border="0" --><!--webbot bot="ImageMap" i-checksum="20082" endspan -->	yes

 Joey: (to Monica and Rachel) He's talking to London!	yes

 Joey: Ross! Way to suck up to the family.	yes

 Joey: I'm sorry Pheebs, I just, y'know, I just wanted to do a good deed. Like-like you did with the babies.	yes

 Joey: Are you calling you people? (Chandler rolls his eyes.) Yeah, well sorry to burst that bubble, Pheebs, but selfless good deeds don't exist. Okay? And you the deal on Santa Clause right?	yes

 Phoebe: I will find a selfless good deed! 'Cause I just gave birth to three children and I will not let them be raised in a world where Joey is right!	yes

 Emily: I did. Now I'm the idiot.	yes

 Monica: Yeah! But, he can't not exactly see Emily, I mean that's his wife.	yes

 Joey: Now, y'know the bee probably died after he stung ya.	yes

 Chandler: Oh-aw my God! Now, I understand if you never want to sleep with me again, but that would be wrong. We're too good! We owe it, to sex!	yes

 Chandler: Well, I was kinda hoping we could do this without him. (She starts to take off her latex gloves.) Oh no-no-no, leave the gloves on.	yes

 Monica: All weekend? That's a whole lotta naked.	yes

 Monica: Oh now that-that-that's funny, it seems like Chandler's conference could've been in Connecticut or Vermont.	yes

 Joey: Doesn&
 Monica: Hey, Joey's ass! What are you doing?	yes

 Chandler: And condoms are the way to do that? [Cut to the living room.]	yes

 Ross: Le Poo's still alive?!	yes

 Phoebe: I know it's le poo right now, but it'll get better.	yes

 Chandler: (looks at what she's holding and shies away) Oh dear God, they gave us glasses!	yes

 Chandler: Do not speak ill of the dead.	yes

 Rachel: Ohh! Lucky me! Oh my God! That is good news, Ross! I think that's the best news I've heard since Le Poo died!	yes

 Rachel: Oh yeah, really? Is it Ross? Yeah? Okay, well let me make this a just a little bit easier for you.	yes

 Rachel: Storming out!	yes

 Monica: Chandler stole a twenty from my purse!	yes

 Joey: I told ya.	yes

 Monica: Maybe I could do it.	yes

 Joey: I-I-I don't know if this falls under this category, but uh, Ross is right back there. (Points over his shoulder.)	yes

 Rachel: Honey, come on! You live far away! You're not related. You lift right out.	yes

 Chandler: Yes that would have made more sense.	yes

 Phoebe: Oh, sure! (She gets up to leave.) Bye Ross! (Whispering behind his back.) Forever.	yes

 Rachel: Well, for starters I would've said the right name at my wedding!	yes

 Chandler: I just came over to drop off&
 Monica: I'm afraid so.	yes

 Joey: Look, just because I know about you two, doesn't mean I like looking at it.	yes

 Monica: (looking at the flyer) This is all of your things.	yes

 Chandler: Now that's so funny, because last Christmas I got the gift of space. We should get them together and make a continuum. (Ross exits.)	yes

 Monica: Oh he's nice. He's nice! Y'know, you always stick up for the people we fog!	yes

 Monica: Don't get too attached, she's having it cremated.	yes

 Chandler: Well, I think it's very brave what you said. (Monica pats Joey on the shoulder.)	yes

 Chandler: Pheebs, what are you doing with the coat? How about the whole animal rights thing?	yes

 Danny: Absolutely. Some people are just into appearances.	yes

 Danny: That's cool. Cool. (Starts to leave.)	yes

 Danny: Come on, you got the shopping bags and the Sack's catalog.	yes

 Rachel: Well, y'know, if-if kids like to play with Capri pants.	yes

 Danny: Stop saying that. I hate that.	yes

 Phoebe: Okay, now you're just taking lines right out of the song!	yes

 Phoebe: Okay, let's get some perspective people; it's not like I'm wearing a seeing-eye dog coat!	yes

 Joey: Well uh, I don't know about who's here, but I can tell you for damn sure who's not here and that's Rachel!!	yes

 Ross: Who needs a lease when it's family!	yes

 Phoebe: Umm, do health inspectors work on commission?	yes

 Phoebe: Oh yeah! I'd let him check out my kitchen floors.	yes

 Monica: Right, you only go for them 5 minutes before they get married. (Danny enters.)	yes

 Rachel: Hi Danny! (Notices his box of liquor he's carrying.) Wow! Thirsty huh?	yes

 Rachel: That's right! 'Cause that would give him the control! So now he's all ooh, coming up with this whole I've got a party thing y'know, trying to get me to hint around for an invitation. Blew up in his face, didn't it?	yes

 Chandler: Oh, the tears are real.	yes

 Joey: Come on, Chandler, Ross is our friend. He needs us right now, so why don't you be a grown up and come and watch some TV in the fort!	yes

 Danny: Take care. (Leaves.)	yes

