 Chandler: Then put out fire by peeing, no get invited back. Monica and Phoebe: Ewww!	no

 Rachel: It was like months ago. We were walking by this antique store, and I saw this pin in the window, and I told him it was just like one my grandmother had when I was a little girl. Oh! I can't believe he remembered!	no

 Chandler: (panicked) ahem... um... Crystal duck.	no

 Joey: Well, given that he's desperately in love with you, he probably wouldn't mind getting a cup of coffee or something.	no

 Man: (confused) What? Flight Attendant: It's from Rachel. She said that she loved the present, and she will see you when you get back.	no

 Joey: (panicked) Uhhh.. y'know what? Forget about me. Let's, uh... let's give you another turn.	no

 Monica: Then why the hell are you dumping my brother?!?	no

 Chandler: Really? So, you're gonna stick with this 'it's all for her' thing?	no

 Ross: I know, I know I was, but there was always this little voice inside that kept saying it's never gonna happen, move on. You know whose voice that was?	no

 Joey: Why don't you go see Frankie? My family's been goin' to him forever. He did my first suit when I was 15. No wait, 16. No, 'scuse me, 15. (still confused) All right, when was 1990?	no

 Monica: (to Phoebe) You know it's funny, the last time Paulo was here, my hair was so much shorter and cuter.	no

 Chandler: (entering, angry) Yo, paisan! Can I talk to you for a sec? (Pause) Your tailor is a very bad man!	no

 Chandler: We're just hanging out by the spoons. Ladle?	no

 Chandler: Carol? I was just wondering if Joey could ask you a question about breast-feeding?	no

 Chandler: (slides the juice across the counter which Joey catches) What do you care? You're an actor. This is your day job. This isn't supposed to mean anything to you.	no

 Rachel: Um, ok, uh, oh god, um, when you and uh Ross first started going out, it was really hard for me, um, for many reasons, which I'm not gonna bore you with now, but um, I just, I see how happy he is, you know, and how good you guys are together, and um, Monica's always saying how nice you are, and god I hate it when she's right.	no

 RACHEL: What? Come on, it's not like I'm asking for this girly clock or anything, which, by the way, I also think is very cool.	no

 ROSS: Ok, Phoebe, this is it. In this briefcase I carry actual scientific facts. A briefcase of facts, if you will. Some of these fossils are over 200 million years old.	no

 CHANDLER: If I'm gonna be an old, lonely man, I'm gonna need a thing, you know, a hook, like that guy on the subway who eats his own face. So I figure I'll be Crazy Man with a Snake, y=know. Crazy Snake Man. And I'll get more snakes, call them my babies, kids will walk past my place, they will run. &quot;Run away from Crazy Snake Man,&quot; they'll shout!	no

 MONICA: Oh, gosh, this is so weird. I mean, his whole life was in this apartment, and now it's gone. You know, I think it would be nice if we just took a few moments, for Mr. Heckles. I mean, he was kind of a pain, he was, but, he was a person. You're all going to hell.	no

 MONICA: I can't believe you're dressing up for him. I mean, you're just, you're setting yourself up all over again.	no

 RACHEL: Bye-bye Julie. [Julie leaves] [Rachel is still cleaning, Ross is laying on the couch. Ross kicks Rachel in the butt.]	no

 DUNCAN: Well I guess on some level I always knew I was straight. I though I was supposed to be something else, you know, I'm an ice dancer, all my friends are gay, I was just tryin' to fit in.	no

 RACHEL: Now, what exactly is in a cobb salad?	no

 JADE: Hello, I'm looking for Bob. This is Jane. I don't know if you're still at this number, but I was just thinking about us, and how great it was, and, well, I know it's been three years, but, I was kinda hoping we could hook up again. I barely had t he nerve to make this call, so you know what I did?	no

 ROSS: Oh my god. You are pure evil.	no

 MONICA: I'm at work, ordinary day, you know, chop chop chop, sauti, sauti, sauti. All of a sudden, Leon, the manager, calls me into his office. It turns out they fired the head lunch chef, and guess who got the job.	no

 JOEY: Oh, now you're tellin' us how you feel.	no

 MONICA: Yeah, ours pretty much sucked, oh, but, I did run into little Stevie Fisher. Remember him?	no

 CHANDLER: You know, I once dated a Miss Crankypants. Lovely girl, kinda moody.	no

 RACHEL: Come on, Terry, I'll even clean the cappuccino machine.	no

 MONICA: Doctor, can I see you for just a minute please? My brother has a slight phobia about needles.	no

 MONICA: Are you sure he didn't break it because it really hurts.	no

 PHOEBE: Eight dollars and 27 cents. But not really, 'cause I put in the first two, just to, you know, get the ball rolling, and to make myself feel better.	no

 ROSS: Ohhh. Big boy, riding the bus--Hey, I have a question. How come it says Property of Human Services on his butt?	no

 PHOE: Really? That's so sweet. I mean, I'm officially offended but, sweet.	no

 JOEY: I can't find the remote. [Phoebe turns off the TV] Thank you.	no

 ROSS: And I guess, you know, sometimes, she's a little ditzy, you know. And I've seen her be a little too into her looks. Oh, and Julie and I, we have a lot in common 'cause we're both paleontologists, but Rachel's just a waitress.	no

 CHAN: Waitress. Got it. You guys wanna play Doom? Or we could keep doing this. What else?	no

 JOEY: [to Ross] Hey, so how'd it go with Julie? Did you, did you break her heart?	no

 RACH: She is not Rachem. What the hell's a Rachem? Is that some stupid paleontology word that I wouldn't know because I'm just a waitress. [She goes into her apartment and slams the door.]	no

 CHAN: [squirming] All right, let's get some perspective here, ok? These things, they happen for a reason.	no

 RTST: Oh, some, that's fine. Some is fine. Some is not a lot. So, it doesn't burn when you pee, does it?	no

 RADIO: The next one's dedicated to Rachel from Ross. Rachel, he wants you to know he's deeply sorry for what he did and he hopes you can find it in your heart to forgive him. (With or Without You plays) [Rachel seems touched. She pauses for a moment, then picks up the phone and starts to dial. Cut to Ross at his apartment.]	no

 RTST: It's like I'm lookin' in a mirror. Anyway, they're called &quot;fishtachios&quot;. They taste exactly like pistachios, but they're made primarily of reconstituted fish bits. Here, try one. You're not allergic to anything, are you?	no

 GRANDMOTHER: Oh, sure, yeah. [gets a box with the pictures] This is the one of you father in a meadow, and, uh, helping a little boy fly a kite, and here he is at a graduation. . . another graduation. . . another graduation.	no

 GRANDMOTHER: Well, I think you're better off without him. Oh honey, I know he's your daddy but, but to me he's still the irresponsible creep who knocked up your mom and stole her Gremlin.	no

 JOEY: They're ribbed for your pleasure. [Ross and Monica trade their gifts.] END <!--webbot bot="ImageMap" startspan rectangle=" (137,2) (197, 84)  http://thecfsi.com/season2/210russ.htm" rectangle=" (70,2) (129, 84)  http://thecfsi.com/season2.htm" rectangle=" (0,2) (58, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season2/208list.htm" src="contrl08.gif" width="194" height="60" alt="contrl08.gif (14783 bytes)" --><!--webbot bot="ImageMap" i-checksum="5238" endspan -->	no

 CHAN: Does anyone have one from a different paper? Ross, read yours.	no

 FBOB: Uh, public display of affection coming up. You can avert your eyes. [kisses Monica] [Chandler and Joey are watching, Rachel turns their heads away from Monica.]	no

 MNCA: Well, we just happen to go to alot of places where you might drink. I mean, how do you go to a wine tasting without having a drink? Or... or to a club, or to the... zoo.	no

 FBOB: Well, I would make them Belgian, but the waffles are hard to get into that flask.	no

 JOEY: Ten years I've been waiting for a break like this Chandler, ten years! I mean, Days of Our Lives. That's actually on television.	no

 ROSS: This is so cool. You're actually gonna be on television.	no

 MONICA: Yes! Carol and Susan's caterer had a mountain bike accident this weekend, and she's in a full body cast. ROSS, CHANDLER &amp; JOEY: Yes!	no

 JOEY: I can't believe you're so uptight about your mom comin'.	no

 PHOEBE: I know who it is you remind me of. Evelyn Dermer. 'Course, that's before she got the lousy face lift. Now she looks like Soupy Sales.	no

 RACHEL: Hey, Mom? Having fun? MRS GREEN: Oh, am I! I just danced with a wonderfully large woman. And three other girls made eyes at me over the buffet. Oh, I'm not saying it's something I wanna pursue, but it's nice to know I have options.	no

 JOEY: Well, I'm makin money now and this is payin' you back for head shots, electric bills, and so many slices of pizza I can't even count. I love ya man.	no

 MONICA: No no no, if I couldn't pay you back right away then I'd feel guilty and tense every time I saw you.	no

 RACHEL: Oh, well, you know, they're just separated so, you know, never know, we'll see. MR. GELLER: Well, I can't say any of us were surprised. Your parents have been unhappy ever since we've known them. Especially after that incident in Hawaii.	no

 MAN: Sure will. I've uh, gotta go. Take care.	no

 ROSS: OK, see ya later, nice meeting you. [man leaves] You're welcome.	no

 CHANDLER: OK, well that's the part where I'm a wank. But I was hoping we wouldn't focus on that. [Joey goes to his room and shuts the door] Hey, c'mon man, I said I was sorry like a hundred times, I promise I will never take it off my. . . [notices the bracelet is missing from his wrist] wrist. But if, if you want to stay in there and be mad, you know, you just uh, you stay in there. [he starts searching the room, lifting up the couch cushions]	no

 CHANDLER: I am here, on my knees, holding up these couch cushions as a symbol of my sorrow and regret, much like they did in biblical times. Though you may haveth anger now. . . [Joey returns to his room]	no

 CHANDLER: Oh, you're right I, I should play in the hay. Forget about the fact that I just dropped 400 dollars to replace a bracelet that I hated to begin with. Bring on the hay. [sits down at the bar]	no

 MONICA: Over here dad. [he pans over and we see a torso taking up the whole screen] MR, GELLER: Wait, how do you zoom out? [zooms out and we see an extremely overweight Monica eating a big sandwich] There she is.	no

 MONICA: Ya know, Roy saw Star Wars 317 times. His name was in the paper.	no

 MONICA: Rose Marie really belongs on a smaller screen, doesn't she? [Rachel enters]	no

 MONICA: Tonight you're supposed to waitress for me, my catering thing, any of those words trigger anything for you?	no

 MONICA: Really Phoebs? Because, you know, you'd have to be an actual waitress. This can't be like your 'I can be a bear cub' thing.	no

 MONICA: Well yeah, but, you know, uh, 27 is a dangerous eye age.	no

 ROSS: Humm, that sounds, I don't, perfect. [there's a loud bang at the door so Ross opens it back up to find a shoe has been thrown at it]	no

 [Scene: Dr. Burke's office. Monica is there for her eye appointment.] DR. BURKE: I'm going to look into your eyes now.	no

 MONICA: Well for your information he happens to be one of the brightest, most sophisticated, sexiest men I've ever been with.	no

 MONICA: I don't know, maybe. I mean I'm dating a man who's pool I once peed in. DR. BURKE: I didn't need to know that. I guess 21 years is a lot. I mean, hell, I'm a whole person who can drink older than you.	no

 CHANDLER: Well don't you see how gross that is? I mean that's like you using my toothbrush. [Joey gets a sheepish look] You used my toothbrush?	no

 JOEY: Hey! We were just sayin', great apartment man. JOEY'S CO-STAR: Thanks. You want it?	no

 JOEY: Huh? JOEY'S CO-STAR: Yeah, I'm movin' to a bigger place. You should definitely take this one.	no

 JOEY: Yeah, can you see me in a place like this? JOEY'S CO-STAR: Why not? You hate park views and high ceilings? C'mon I'll show you the kitchen.	no

 PHOEBE: I like this lily. It's more open, ya know, and that's like my mom. She had a more open, giving spirit. Ooh, Foghorn Leghorn, ooh. TATTOO ARTIST: Alright, blonde girl, you're in room two, not so blonde girl, you're with me.	no

 PHOEBE: No. You are the boss of you. Now you march your heinie in there and get that heart tattooed on your hip. GO!!	no

 RICHARD: [walks out of the bathroom and runs into Mrs. Geller who is going to the bathroom] Judy, going to the bathroom, good for you. MRS. GELLER: Thank you Richard, I appreciate the support. [Monica jumps in the shower. Right after Mrs. Geller enters the bathroom, Mr. Geller peeks his head in.] MR. GELLER: Honey. Honey, have you seen my Harmon Kilerbrew bat? Bob doesn't believe I have one. MRS. GELLER: I have no idea. Did you know Richard has a twinkie in the city? MR. GELLER: I know. He's like a new man. It's like a scene from Cocoon. MRS. GELLER: I just never would have pictured Richard with a bimbo. MR. GELLER: Apparently, he told Johnny Shapiro that she's quite a girl. In fact, he told Johnny that he thinks he's falling in love with her. MRS. GELLER: Really. MR. GELLER: I tell you, I've never seen him this happy. MRS. GELLER: So Jack, you ever think about trading me in for a younger model? MR. GELLER: Of course not. With you it's like I've got two 25-year-olds. MRS. GELLER: [they start kissing] Oh Jack stop. MR. GELLER: C'mon, it's my birthday.	no

 CHANDLER: So I got ya something. [tosses Joey a bag of plastic spoons]	no

 CHANDLER: Stop talkin' to your men. [Joey scores]	no

 RACHEL: [holding a pillow made out of 4 inch red fur] Hey, nice pillow. So now tell me, is this genuine Muppet skin?	no

 RACHEL: Oh God. Ross, OK, if you care about me at all, you will get the pie out of the man's hood.	no

 JOEY: Oh, can you believe they gave Stephanie skin cancer?	no

 MONICA: Hi sweetie, look before I forget, did I leave my diaphram at your place? Hi mom. [she starts throwing oranges at Ross who's looking pleased with himself]	no

 PHOEBE: I sound amazing. I, I, I've never heard myself sing before. I mean, except in my own head. Oh, this is so cool, now I can hear what you hear.	no

 JOEY: Oh come on. Nobody likes two different kinds of eggs equally. You like one better than the other and I wanna know which.	no

 PHOEBE: No. This game is grotesque. Twenty armless guys joined at the waist by a steel bar, forced to play soccer forever. Ahh, hello, human-rights violation.	no

 CHANDLER: Ah he's a, he's not a big fan of foosball.	no

 CHANDLER: Because he thinks I slept with his ex-girlfriend and killed his fish.	no

 JOEY: Hey, I'll be alright. I mean it's not like I'm starting from sqare one. I was Dr. Drake Remoray on Days of Our Lives. Heh? I mean that's gotta have some kind of cache.	no

 JOEY: Alright. Cab driver number two?	no

 PHOEBE: I don't think it would have sold a million copies but it would have made a nice gift for you.	no

 EDDIE: That's a tomato. This one definitely goes in the display.	no

 JOEY: Ohh, you know what it is? It's smudgy 'cause they're fax pages. Now when I was on Days of Our Lives as Dr. Drake Remoray, they'd send over the whole script on real paper and everything. CASTING GUY: That's great.	no

 JOEY: No no, uh, don't thank me for comin' in. Uh, at least let me finish. Uh, we could take the expressway but uh, this time of day you're better off taking the budge. You were goin' for the word bridge there weren't ya. I'll have a good day. [gets up and leaves]	no

 RACHEL: No, I know, they're from me. Look you guys this is not good. I mean we have enough trouble with guys stealing our wind without taking it from each other.	no

 PHOEBE: I love you goddesses. I don't ever want to suck your wind again.	no

 Ross: Okay, so on our no-date evening, three of you now have dates.	no

 Max: No. Have you seen David?	no

 Ross: Thank you. (She walks off) C'mon, Marcel, whaddya say you and I do a little mingling? (Marcel runs off) Alright, I'll, uh... catch up with you later. (The door opens. Rachel is standing there. Her coat is muddy and torn, her hair is dishevelled and her face is bruised. Everyone turns to look)	no

 Rachel: No. Okay. I was at the airport, getting into a cab, when this woman- this blonde planet with a pocketbook- starts yelling at me. Something about how it was her cab first. And then the next thing I know she just starts- starts pulling me out by my hair! So I'm blowing my attack whistle thingy and three more cabs show up, and as I'm going to get into a cab she tackles me. And I hit my head on the kerb and cut my lip on my whistle...oh...everybody having fun at the party? (To Monica) Are people eating my dip? [Time lapse. Monica and Rachel, fixed up somewhat, emerge from a bedroom]	no

 Ross: (Watching Marcel play with Phoebe. To Chandler) Look at him. I'm not saying he has to spend the whole evening with me, but at least check in.	no

 Chandler: (To a woman who he has clearly just met) And then the peacock bit me. (Laughs) Please kiss me at midnight. (She leaves)	no

 Rachel: Oh, she's coming up! She's coming up! (Turns on the TV) Jay Leno: (on TV) Folks, when we come back we'll be talking about her new book, 'Euphoria Unbound': the always interesting Nora Tyler Bing. You might wanna put the kids to bed for this one. (Everyone has settled down to watch, except Chandler)	no

 Joey: You don't kiss your friend's mom! Sisters are okay, maybe a hot-lookin' aunt... but not a mom, never a mom! (Chandler opens the door and startles them. He picks up the paper)	no

 Joey: Then she came back with &quot;The question is, when are you gonna grow up and realise I have a bomb?&quot;	no

 Ross: Yup! You could plunk me down in the middle of any woman's uterus, no compass, and I can find my way out of there like that! (snaps fingers)	no

 Rachel: Honey, you can say it, Poconos, Poconos, it's like Poc-o-nos (touching Paolo's nose with forefinger with each syllable)	no

 Rachel: I know... (Camera pans to Ross, looking dejected)	no

 Ross: No problem, ok, mmmwa (kisses Carol) oh, mmmwa (kisses Carol's stomach, then punches Susan's shoulder) Susan... (Ross leaves.)	no

 Ross: (on intercom) Uh, never mind, I don't want to know. (Carol and Susan laugh)	no

 Joey: So what's it gonna be? (Monica whispers in Joey's ear. Ross gets up and waves arms frantically in protest)	no

 Monica: Are you sure? (The flashback resumes with Paolo grabbing her butt.) [Cut back to Central Perk.]	no

 Ross: You have to tell her! You have to tell her! It's your moral obligation, as a friend, as a woman, I think it's a feminist issue! Guys? Guys? (waiting for guys to chime in)	no

 Monica: Heads up Ross! (Monica scores on Chandler and Joey) Score! (points at Chandler) You suck! (Chandler looks at Joey in amazement)	no

 Ross: See, Rach, uh, see, I don't think that swearing off guys altogether is the answer. I really don't. I think that what you need is to develop a more sophisticated screening process.	no

 Joey: ...I d'know. Mr. Tribbiani: Then y'haven't. You're burning your tomatoes.	no

 Joey: If you go to a hotel you'll be...doing stuff. I want you right here where I can keep an eye on you. Mr. Tribbiani: You're gonna keep an eye on us?	no

 Joey: That's right, mister, and I don't care how old you are, as long as you're under my roof you're gonna live by my rules. And that means no sleeping with your girlfriend.	no

 Joey: Yeah. He's gonna keep cheating on my ma like she wanted, she's gonna keep pretending she doesn't know even though she does, and my little sister Tina can't see her husband any more because he got a restraining order...which has nothing to do with anything except that I found out today.	no

 Joey: Sorry. Wrong boobies. (He leaves. Cut to Monica entering Chandler and Joey's apartment. She sneaks up to the shower door)	no

 Ross: She barely knows me. We just live in the same building.	no

 Rachel: How did we end up with these jerks? We're good people!	no

 Rachel: (tossing things in the fire) Ok, Barry's letters. Adam Ritter's boxer shorts.	no

 Janice: Well then ask yourself this. Why do you think we keep ending up together? New Year's? Who invited who? Valentine's? Who asked who into whose bed?	no

 Phoebe: Well, he wants to do some ecclectic, so he's looking for someone who can, you know, create the entire menu.	no

 Chandler: Well, I have an appointment to see Dr. Robert Pillman, career counselor a-gogo. (pause) I added the &quot;a-gogo.&quot;	no

 Phoebe: (as though Rachel wasn't paying attention) Yummy noises.	no

 Joey: How about Tony's? If you can finish a 32-ounce steak, it's free.	no

 Joey: (aside to Ross) So.... back to your place...you thinking, maybe... (gestures with hands, back and forth) huh-huh?	no

 Joey: I don't know. We're talking about whipped fish, Monica. I'm just happy I'm keeping it down, y'know? (Chandler kicks the door closed, angrily. His clothes are askew, he looks beat.)	no

 Chandler: Look at this! (he opens the curtain to a view of New York City)	no

 Steve: Like 'em? I could eat a hundred of them!	no

 Steve: Alright, we'll share.	no

 Steve: (excited) Hey!	no

 Phoebe: Yeah! You know all those yummy noises? I wasn't faking. (Ross gets up and goes over to the counter and Joey follows him.)	no

 Ross: I was the James Michener of dirty talk. It was the most elaborate filth you have ever heard. I mean, there were characters, plot lines, themes, a motif... at one point there were villagers.	no

 Phoebe: What about this? (she starts using her elbows on his back, he yells in pain)	no

 Ross: Marcel, Marcel, give Rossie the remote. Marcel. Marcel, you give Rossie the remote right now... Marce... you give Rossie the remote... (Marcel points the remote at Monica&
 Chandler: (Looking out at the balcony) So tell me something, is leaving the Christmas lights up part of your plan to keep us merry all year long? (Rachel slowly spins around, finally noticing that the lights have outstayed their welcome.)	no

 Joey: I went back to Riff&
 Susan: I will flip you for it.	no

 Rachel: We&
 Chandler: Knit, good woman, knit, knit! (Monica frantically bursts into action as Rachel resumes winding, tangling Chandler&
 Nina: Mr.Douglas... (flirting defensively) ..cool tie. (She escapes, fortunately so distracting Mr. Douglas, that he misses Chandler&
 Chandler: Oh, no, no. Nina... (miming fairies twinkling around his head) ..she is whooo wewee-woo whoo whoo! In fact, if you asked her right now, she would have no recollection of being fired at all, none at all. Mr. Douglas: That&
 Phoebe: Um, yeah. Look, I mean, I&
 Nurse: My god. You still have your Christmas lights up? (Rachel glares at the nurse, who gives Monica a form attached to a clipboard.)	no

 Monica: (Tiny laugh) I am really an idiot. (Tiny laugh) you see, I was filling out my friend's form, and instead of putting her information, (tiny laugh) I put mine.	no

 Ross: Anyway, suddenly I'm down field, and I realise that I'm the one who's supposed to catch him, right? Only I know there is no way I'm gonna get there in time, so I am running, and running, and that, that is when I woke up. See I, I am so not ready to be a father.	no

 Ross: Oh, we just... Phoebe's Friends: (Finally noticing the guest of honour) Surprise!	no

 Ross: Thanks, Dad, really, I ju... you know, I just, I just needed to know, um... when did you start to feel like a father? Mr. Geller: Oh, well, I, I guess it musta been the day after you were born. We were in the hospital room, your mother was asleep, and they brought you in and gave you to me. You were this ugly little red thing, and all of a sudden you grabbed my finger with your whole fist. And you squeezed it, so tight. And that's when I knew. (Ross is so moved by his father's charming story, that he stops eating.) Mr. Geller: So you don't wanna go to Williamsburg?	no

 Monica: It's uh... (Rachel discreetly coughs to warn her.) Monica (as Rachel): ..well, why don't you tell them? After all it, is your ankle. Rachel (as Monica): You know what, it's feeling a lot better, thank you, um... Well, listen, why don't you two sit down and, and we'll get you some glasses... okay... (They don't know what to do with their coats and Monica points to the living room) STAT! (Rachel joins Monica who is in the kitchen area, opening the wine bottle. Rachel checks that the doctors aren't listening, then lowers her voice anyway.)	no

 Monica: (as Rachel) (Suddenly laughing) Oh, god, I am so spoiled... That's it! (The doctors don't know what to make of all this.)	no

 Rachel: (as Monica) I use my breasts to get other people's attention.	no

 Rachel: (on phone) Daddy... Daddy... Daddy, why whyyy would I sleep with Billy Dreskin? His father tried to put you out of business! (Rachel turns to Monica, clasping the receiver to her bosom so Dr.Green can't hear, while mouthing &quot;You are...&quot;) ...dead! (Monica smiles a sweet apology of regret, until she's distracted by Marcel as he clambers all over her nice furniture.)	no

 Phoebe: I can't believe you did this. (Phoebe opens the box, to find something familiar inside.)	no

 Ursula: Excuse me. Doesn't this come with a side salad? (The man gives up, shaking his head.)	no

 Ursula: Oh. No, no, he is so smart. He'll figure it out. (Offering to share her food) Do you want some chicken?	no

 Nurse: Excuse me... This hospital is for people!	no

 Ross: �Lo que sucedio es que no le gusta la tele! (The thing is, he doesn`t like the program!) (Everybody laughs.) End	no

 Phoebe: Congratulations! (Microwave timer goes off. Monica gets up.)	no

 Ross: You are not putting that on again! Marcel, OK&
 Rachel: Noooo... the interview! She loved me! She absolutely loved me. We talked for like two and a half hours, we have the same taste in clothes, and&
 Monica: Ha, ha, very funny, very funny. But I think we'd like to give poker another try. Shall we, ladies? Phoebe and Rachel: Yes, we should. I think we should.	no

 Ross: Well, that just leaves the big Green poker machine, who owes fifteen...	no

 Monica: You know what? This is not over. We will play you again, and we will win, and you will lose, and you will beg, and we will laugh, and we will take every last dime you have, and you will hate yourselves forever.	no

 Rachel: (deals new hand) Boy, you really can't stand to lose, can you? Your whole face is getting red... little veins popping out on your temple...	no

 Ross: I see your twenty, raise you twenty-five. (throws it in) (The other four look amazed at the large pot.)	no

 Rachel: (to Monica): Thank you. (to Ross): I saw your twenty-five, and I raise you... seven.	no

 Phoebe: Whoah, ooh, why is the air in here so negative?	no

 Ross: Okay, quick and painful. (Starts to cork the wine)	no

 Monica: Be that as it may, d'you think you could just help us out here on that monkey thing? Y'know, just for old times' sake? Go Bobcats?	no

 Rachel: Then what's with all the bananas? Mr. Heckles: Potassium. (There is a monkey-like noise from within and Ross pushes past Mr. Heckles and enters his apartment)	no

 Ross: Alright. (He goes to get the glasses. Then he hesitates and turns off the main light. Rachel looks round and he acts surprised) The, uh, the neighbours must be vacuuming. (He sits down and starts to pour the wine) Well, so long as we're here and, uh, not on the subject, I was thinking about, uh, how mad we got at each other before, and, um, I was thinking maybe it was partially because of how we, um... (Barry bursts in)	no

 Chandler: Let her know I like her? What are you, insane? (The girls make disgusted noises.) It's the next day! How needy do I want to seem? (To the guys) I'm right, right? Joey and Ross: Oh, yeah. Yeah. Let her dangle.	no

 Chandler: Ring dammit, ring!	no

 Joey: I tried to call you from the coffee shop, and there was no answer.	no

 Joey: Yeah. Yeah, so what? (On phone) Look, I live across the street, (walking to the window) and I know all about you and your little telescope, and I don't appreciate it, okay? (Listens) Yeah, I can see you right now! (Listens) Hello! (Listens) If I wanna walk around my apartment in my underwear, I shouldn't have to feel like&
 Monica: (waves dismissively to Sidney) Nooo!	no

 Rachel: What are you talking about?! Mindy, the guy is the devil! He's Satan in a smock!	no

 Rachel: Yeah! Y'know, ever since I ran out on Barry at the wedding, I have wondered whether I made the right choice. And now I know.	no

 Monica: Nononononono. Think who you're dealing with here. I mean, I'm not like you. I-I can't even stand in front of a tap class. Fake Monica: Well, that's just probably 'cause of your Amish background.	no

 Monica: No, thank you! You have given me so much! I mean, if it wasn't for you, I would never have gotten to sing Memories on the stage at the Wintergarden Theater! Fake Monica: Well, actually, you only got to sing 'Memo-'.	no

 Chandler: Interesting, cause in my dreams, I'm allways surprisingly inadequate. (Monica pats him on his lap)	no

 Phoebe: (with a deep voice) Mr. Bing's office. (Listens) No I'm sorry, he's in a meeting right now.	no

 Chandler: See, it pays to know the man who wears my shoes. (Joey and Ross wonder what he means) Me.	no

 Chandler: That is so not... That is so not... That... Oh, shut up! (Phoebe, Joey and Ross laugh)	no

 Monica: Okay, is this like 'I have an early class tomorrow' or 'I'm secretly married to a goat?' Young Ethan: Well it's somewhere in between. You see, in a strictly technical sense, of course, I'm not uh..., well I, I mean I haven't ever uh...	no

 Ross: You're sure? Nobody uh, handed out uh, mints or anything?	no

 Phoebe: Ooh, oh, I've gotta go. (raises) Whoa, oh, head rush. One more, and then I have to go. (sits down, and then raises again) Cool!	no

 Ross: Oh, Carol and I have a new system. If she punches in 911, it means she's having a baby, otherwise I just ignore it.	no

 Rachel: (understands that Monica and Ethan wanna be alone) Hey, did you guys check out those new hand-dryers in the bathroom?	no

 Joey: They're here already? (Rachel, Ross and Ross go to the bathroom) Young Ethan: All right, look. I've gotta tell you something. I'm not 17. I only said so that you'd think I was cute and vunerable. I'm actually 30, I have a wife, I have a job, I'm your Congressman. Monica, this is ridiculous, we're great together. We can talk, we make each other laugh, and the sex. Oh, man, okay i have no frame of graft, but I thought that was great.	no

 Monica: This isn't easy for me either. I wish things were different, I... If you were a few years older, or if I was a few years younger, or if we lived in biblical times, I would really... Young Ethan: No, don't say it. (closes Monica's mouth with his hand)	no

 Monica: I can't belive it, I'm gonna be an aunt. I'm gonna have like a nephew.	no

 Ross: God, I don't believe this. She could be giving birth in the cab.	no

 Phoebe: (singing) They're tiny and chubby and so sweet to touch, and soon they'll grow up and resent you so much. Now they're yelling at you and you don't know why, you cry and you cry and you cry. And you cry and you cry and you cry... (Ross gives Phoebe a dollar.)	no

 Ross: Breathe.	no

 Carol: Ow, ow, ow, ow, leg cramp, leg cramp, leg cramp.	no

 Ross: Come on, come on. Damnit, damnit, damnit, damnit. (to Susan) This is all your fault. This is supposed to be, like, the greatest day of my life, y'know? My son is being born, and I should be in there, you know, instead of stuck in a closet with you.	no

 Nurse: All right, all right, there's a few too many people in this room, and there's about to be one more, so anybody who's not an ex-husband or a lesbian life partner, out you go!	no

 Ross: Kinda like my uncle Ed, covered in Jell-o.	no

 Chandler: He's a great guy, y'know? And he loves you a lot, you are a very lucky lady.	no

 Phoebe: I really don't want to mess up what we have. I'm just&
 Gary: (suddenly happy) Really?!	no

 Rachel: (she's wearing an oven mitt to protect her hand) I give up you guys, I don't know what I'm going to do with this thing!	no

 Ross: Anytime anything comes close to touching her eye or anyone else's she like freaks out. Watch! Watch! (He takes his finger and moves it towards his eye.)	no

 Chandler: Yeah, listen, how cold is it going to be there? Do I need a coat or will all these sweater vests be enough? (Holds up 3 of them in different colors.) (Monica stares at him.)	no

 Monica: I love you. {There's another continuity error here. Before Monica says I love you, Chandler's holding the vests so that you couldn't see the collar, you could see all three, and they were folding nicely. After she says the line and the camera cuts back to Chandler, you can only see two out of the three, you can see the collar of the top one, and it looks like it was folded sloppily, unlike before. Hey, you notice things while spending this much time on this!}	no

 Chandler: I see, but once you get your first paycheck you'll be springing a big hotel suite, right? I mean, lead in a movie, they must be paying you a lot?	no

 Ross: I just wanna say good-bye to you guys and to see if you guys will place a little bet for me, huh? Twenty bucks on black 15.	no

 Phoebe: Oh no, I am mad at you. I know that much. But, I am sorry about the fat ass thing. You actually have a very sweet little hiney. (Ross isn't sure what to do with that comment.)	no

 Rachel: Oh, did you beat him at a board game? He turns into such a baby when he starts to lose.	no

 Monica: Hey Joey! Aww, you remembered even though you're a big star!	no

 Joey: Uh, well yeah-yeah, I've got all of that going on. Yeah, listen uh, I want you to make sure you tell Chandler that he couldn't have been more wrong! Uh-oh! I gotta go Monica, my uh, my sushi's here! [Cut to Joey hanging up the phone in Vegas. He's wearing a Roman gladiator's uniform and goes over to join a family to pose for a picture. You see, he's apparently taken a job at Caesar's Palace.]	no

 Joey: (to the family) Sorry about that. Thanks for waitin'. The Husband: Okay!	no

 Joey: Everybody smile! (The picture is taken) Okay, thanks a lot! Enjoy your stay at Caesar's! We hope it's toga-rrific! (The family leaves.) Kill me. Kill me now. Ending Credits	no

 Joey: No! (She nods no to Chandler) Because he didn't believe in my movie! Which is a big mistake because it is real! Real! A Casino Boss: Hey! Tribbiani! Get back to work! Break time's over! [Cut to Phoebe]	no

 Joey: Uh, Entertainment Tonight. [Cut to Chandler] Yeah, okay so, good talking to ya and don't come out here. All right. (Hangs up the phone and poses for that picture.) Opening Credits	no

 Monica: Oh, he just doesn't want us to go through any trouble. Think of how excited he'll be when we go out and surprise him! Plus we get to have our own, ani-Vegas-ary! A-Nevadaversary!	no

 Chandler: Oh yeah! Yeah, so you-you bumped into Richard! You grabbed a bite! It's no big deal. (He still ain't happy.)	no

 Rachel: (takes off her robe) Oh! Look what happened! {Don't get your hopes up guys, we only get to see her from the back or from the neck up. Its times like these I wish that the networks would broadcast some nudity other than Denis Franz's butt.} (In her head.) Huh, check me out! I'm in my kitchen&
 Phoebe: So go fix it! Go find Chandler! He's probably up in your room! Tell him that you're sorry and that you love him.	no

 Joey: Hit me! (He does so.) Ohh man! (Joey busts and loses all the money, but when the dealer starts to collect the cards Joey notices something.) Wait! (He holds his hand next to the dealer's hand.) [Cut to Chandler's room, Joey is relaying to Chandler his amazing discovery.]	no

 Rachel: Hello! (She makes a face and the kid laughs harder. Finally, his parents drag him off.) Ohh, kids love me.	no

 Ross: Look, just because some idiot drew on your face doesn't mean you shouldn't have any fun! Okay? And besides, hey-hey-hey no one is even gonna look at you. Okay? This is Vegas! Hello! There are tons of other freaks here! (Rachel turns around and glares at him.) There are tons&
 Chandler: Yeah, she couldn't live without the Chan Love. (They start kissing.)	no

 Chandler: Okay, so if an eight comes up, we take it as a sign and we do it! {Whoa! Where have I heard that before? Matthew Perry talking about signs in Las Vegas. I guess it must've been some movie I saw.} What do you say?	no

 Phoebe: Yeah, from now on everyone you lurk, I'm gonna lurk first! You move on to someone else, I'm gonna be one step ahead of you, every single time! And then I'll be on your ass every hour of every day 'til Monday, because that's when I go home. When do you leave? The Lurker: Also Monday.	no

 Rachel: Okay, y'know what? There's only one way I'm leaving this hotel room. [Cut to the casino, a very drunk and doodled on Rachel is walking arm in arm with an equally drunk and doodled on Ross are walking through the casino and greeting people on their way through. Ross has some whiskers and his nose colored in, along with his name on his forehead.]	no

 Phoebe: Fine! Here! Take a hike toots! (Gives back her quarter.) (The security guard approaches.) The Lurker: (to the guard) Excuse me, sir! This lady played my quarter, this is my money. (Motions to the jackpot.) The Security Guard: (To Phoebe) Is that true miss?	no

 Phoebe: How about we talk about this over dinner? The Security Guard: Okay lady, you're out of here.	no

 Chandler: Ohh, great, I have condom in my wallet I've had since I was twelve.	no

 Joey: (throws down a small wad of money, and as his hand twin starts to unfold it, Joey once again brings attention to their special gift to the world. {Y'know, looking at it now, they really don't have that similar of hands. Joey's are bigger.}) Ooh-ho-ho! (The dealer stares at him and he stops.)	no

 Monica: No, only because that's the graduation song. (The real Wedding March begins playing from behind the closed doors of the chapel.)	no

 Rachel: Well, hello, Mr. Rachel! (Throws some more rice.) (They storm out into the street.)	no

 Joey: Oh my God! That&
 Chandler: (not quite sure) You did.	no

 Monica: That&
 Monica: All right, eight we get married, but 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 9, 10, 11, 12 we don&
 Phoebe: Yeah! And until then you are going to sing to me because the radio&
 Joey: (to himself) Man, this is a long drive! Are my eyes open? No! (He opens his eyes and sees a hitchhiker.) [Time lapse, Phoebe is still asleep only Joey is now passed out next to her and the car&
 Monica: Then you&
 Chandler: Okay!!!!! (And the crowd goes wild! Well, at least the live studio audience.)	no

 Rachel: Noooooooo!! Opening Credits {Transciber&
 Joey: (To Chandler)&nbsp;Hey man, you feeling any better? (Chandler answers him with some guttural sounds that only he can make and that no human can transcribe.)	no

 Joey: Wow! (Tearing up) Well, uh&
 Phoebe: I&
 Ross: Of course. (Ross suddenly realizes something.) Ending Credits	no

 Joey: (exiting from Chandler&
 Ross: (stopping them) Okay-okay! Two very good points, look I&
 Chandler: Okay, it&
 Ross: I knew all I had to do was let the material speak for itself. Everyone&
 Joey: (in obvious pain) Hey! So Estelle lined up a bunch of auditions for me tomorrow and I&
 Rachel: Well, we&
 Ross: Look, I was nervous! You guys had me all worried I was going to be boring! I got up there and they were all like staring at me. I opened my mouth and this British accent just came out.	no

 Joey: Dude! Hernia operations cost like, a lot probably. Besides it&
 Joey: Thank you, but it would take me forever to pay you that money back and I don&
 Rachel: Yeah that seems fair. We never use them.	no

 Monica: Why don&
 Chandler: I&
 Ross: (in his head) All right, keep going. We are phasing the accent out, phasing it out. So without out re-testing the results in the laboratory (pronounced the British way) the team would never have identified (British) the initial errors in their carbon dating analysis (British). Were there any questions at this point? (One student raises his hand.) Yes. (Points to him.) A Student: What&
 Monica: Come on Chandler, come on! It&
 Chandler: Little baby girl Chandler, where I have heard that before? Oh right, Coach Ruben. (Tries to get her to drink a little more from the bottle when he suddenly smells something. It&
 Chandler: See that&
 Phoebe: That sounds really great, but maybe you should be in charge of wiping.	no

 Judge: Now it also says here that you lied about your sexual preference before marriage?	no

 Phoebe: But you-you can&
 Phoebe: Me taking care of you is no problem, huh? You guys feel safe. Right? Okay, I&
 Joey: No-no! No way! Joey Tribbiani does not take charity&
 Rachel: Of course I packed! Monica relax! I just wanted to ask Phoebe her opinion on what I should wear tonight.	no

 Monica: All right, Chandler can make boxes, Ross can wrap, and Joey can lift things. Now Phoebe, go tell the guys they have to help out!	no

 Monica: (entering and interrupting the guy&
 Chandler: Say, Joe, I had a strange idea of what we could do for our last night. What do you say we play a little uh, foosball for money?	no

 Rachel: Uh well, I guess I&
 Joey: Okay, here we go. Ready? [In slow motion, as some haunty demonic music plays in the background, Joey throws the ball in, Chandler quits playing and goes for his Chinese food. Joey smacks the ball really hard, shooting it down the table. Chandler slowly takes a bite, the ball bounces off of the wall, heads back up the table, and scores the goal for Chandler.]	no

 Monica: How about, you&
 Joey: No, no, no more! I cannot lose another dime! I&
 Chandler: Hmm, let&
 Monica: Yeah and you better watch the flirting too, cause you know, in such close quarters, it could be trouble.	no

 Chandler: No, she's not okay? And I'll prove it to you. I'm gonna call her right now. (Picks up the phone and wipes it off) Phone's done ehh.	no

 Chandler: Yes, but the coffee table doesn't match the...blahebdmsdlkhdyslkd;btyds...Rooosss!!!!	no

 Ross: (nonchalantly) I'm never gonna find love again.	no

 Chandler: (to Ross) I couldn't say that I was naked because she's allowed too see me naked.	no

 Phoebe: See? And you don't care if people are staring, it's just for a second cause then you're gone!	no

 Rachel: I-I don&
 Joey: So what&
 Chandler: You&
 Rachel: I did but she doesn&
 Phoebe: Well, hey, what if Kenny were the real brains behind the whole company? You know. What if Kenny hired that Ralph Lauren guy to be the pretty front man? Huh, did she ever think of that?	no

 Rachel: I&
 Ross: Mmm-Hmm. (Picking up their wine glasses.)	no

 Ross: (Looking at the posters.) Wow, cool poster. Or should I say groovy poster? (They sit down on the couch. Ross smiles and the black light fluoresces his teeth.) So, ahh, where were we?	no

 Rachel: (Faking crying.) Yeah, he dumped me. He said, &quot;Rachel, I can&
 Phoebe: Hm, I mean maybe no-one ever really goes. Ever since my mom died, every now and then, I get the feeling that she's like right here, y'know? (She circles her hand around her right shoulder. Chandler, sitting on her right, draws back nervously) Oh! And Debbie, my best friend from junior high- got struck by lightning on a miniature golf course- I always get this really strong Debbie vibe whenever I use one of those little yellow pencils, y'know? ...I miss her.	no

 Joey: Now, see, I don't believe any of that. I think once you're dead, you're dead! You're gone! You're worm food! (realises his tactlessness) ...So Chandler looks gay, huh?	no

 Chandler: You're watching a football game at a funeral?	no

 Monica: ...I can imagine. Mrs. Geller: I'm telling you, it's a wonder your mother turned out to be the positive, life-affirming person that she is.	no

 Rachel: Ok, I, I hear what you're sayin'. I'm with you. Um, but I, but I'm trying really hard. And I think I'm doing better. I really do. Does anybody need coffee? (everyone in the place raises their hand) Oh, look at that. Opening Credits	no

 Ross: Ok. (browsing the apartment) Wow, you guys sure have a lot of books about bein' a lesbian.	no

 Phoebe: Look out, incoming pumpkin pie!	no

 Phoebe: So you guys, I'm doing all new material tonight. I have twelve new songs about my mother's suicide, and one about a snowman.	no

 David: Daryl Hannah was the most beautiful woman that he'd ever seen in his life and I said yeah, I liked her in Splash, a lot, but not so much in- in Wall Street, I thought she had kind of a	no

 Larry: Hey, buddy! (Flashes his badge.) Are you familiar with Section 11-B of the Health Code that requires all refuse material out the back exit?	no

 Danny: Don't go anywhere, I'll be right back. (He heads off.)	no

 Chandler: What? The Doctor: This isn't your toe, this is a small, very cold piece of carrot.	no

 Phoebe: Okay, this will keep them away from your stuff. (Writes him a note and the gang reads it.)	no

 Chandler: No-no, wait! There's got to be a better explanation. You can tell them you had to make an adult film for your (Thinks) adult film class.	no

 Ross: (covering his eyes) Dude! That's my sister! (She shows the rest of the gang.)	no

 Ross: Because I am bored...Out of my mind. I&
 Ross: (grabbing a notepad and sitting down) All right, we'll start off slow. The only thing you have to do tonight is come up with the name of your main character.	no

 Chandler: I paid for those tickets!	no

 Phoebe: Fine. (She hands her bell to Ginger and starts to take down her signs.) (The same old lady walks by again.) All right, I'll give you one pointer. Look out for that bitch. (The old lady.)	no

 Ross: I guess when you don't have so many distractions, it's easier for you to focus. Huh?	no

 Ross: Maybe it was both of us, but we had our best friend's interest&
 Chandler: No. No, I just think that maybe I-I'd heard it somewhere before. (Sits down rubbing his temple.)	no

 Joey: Well, everyone will enjoy my music as well. (Does a chord and Monica starts taking pictures of him and Phoebe. They both start to strike a pose with the excessive amount of pictures that Monica takes.)	no

 Ross: No, I-I got really hot in my leather pants so I took them off but they must have shrunk from the-the sweat or-or-or my legs expanded from the heat. Look, I-I can't put them back on. I can't!	no

 Joey: I'm not listening to you! (Chandler seeing that Joey has his eyes closed sneaks over and picks up the chicken. The chicken starts flapping it's wings in protest as Chandler holds the chicken inches from Joey's face. Joey stops yelling and upon opening his eyes sees the chicken, screams, and falls to the ground in horror.)	no

 Ross: This year was supposed to be great! But, it's only the second day and I'm a loser with stupid leather pants that don't even fit!	no

 Monica: See? Ben doesn't think you're a loser, he thinks you're a cowboy! Now that's something. (All at once.)	no

 Chandler: If we hadn't lost the game they never would've invented us to dinner tomorrow night.	no

 Chandler: (from his bedroom) All right, so you're telling me that I have to tell racist jokes now?!	no

 Ross: Well, because y'know there are certain rules about this kind of stuff. You don't uh, you don't fool around with your uh, friend's ex-girlfriends or possible girlfriends or girls they're related to.	no

 Joey: Whoa, dude, look out! You almost crushed my hat! (He picks a hat up from the floor. It's one of those magician stovepipe hats.)	no

 Rachel: Okay now Joey, y'know that since you're returning all of this stuff right after the audition you're gonna have to wear underwear?	no

 Phoebe: Come on, you saw the way he ran out of here! What do you think? He's gonna stick around and talk to the daughter he abandoned!	no

 Monica: (indignant) I give good massages! (Ross laughs.) I used to give them to Rachel all the time before she got allergic! And-and-and Chandler loves them! Watch! (She starts giving Chandler a massage.)	no

 Monica: But the minute we start to lie to each other&
 Phoebe: Hmm, okay, total abandonment. Okay, reasons for abandonment, A. Top secret government work, B. Amnesia, or C. Or you're just a selfish, irresponsible bad, bad man? Frank Sr.: Y'know, I don't think I want the lipstick that much. (Gets up to leave.) But umm&
 Phoebe: That's a defense? Frank Sr.: Yes. Yes it is. I burned the formula and I put your diapers on backwards. I mean, I made up a song to sing you to sleep, but that made you cry even more!	no

 Rachel: Honey wait, Joey, I&
 Rachel: You should find out what his hobbies are and then use that to bond with him. Yeah! Like if I would strike up a conversation about say umm, sandwiches. Or uh, or my underwear.	no

 Chandler: Yes, and we'd appreciate it if no one told him yet. (Joey suddenly gets very angry.) Ending Credits	no

 Chandler: I'm just hanging out. Y'know, having fun. Y'know with the girl that I'm seeing casually.	no

 Phoebe: Oh, I was telling them about you and Emily. Y'know, try to get some sympathy.	no

 Ross: Uhh, yes I did but there isn't. Okay, here we go. (They start the attempt. Ross is going backwards and reaches the first landing. This staircase has three steps then a landing, makes a 90-degree turn, and has more steps before another landing and another 90-degree turn.)	no

 Phoebe: You could get arrested, right now! (Flashes the badge and they glare at her.) All right, yeah, I gotta take it back. I'm totally drunk with power. (She heads for the door just as Joey enters.)	no

 Monica: Well sure! I'm just wearing sweats! (Looking at Chandler and slowly realizing what his point is.) But that's good that you're not in love with me, because you just want a girlfriend!	no

 Phoebe: I-I sure will, take care. (Starts walking off.)	no

 Rachel: (laughs and pushes the chair back in) Yeah, well, y'know umm&
 Chandler: Ooh, I do! I do! I do! (They all walk over to get a slice.)	no

 Joey: (taking a bite) Oh, great! Can you believe I found it on the second floor? (They all throw their pieces back as there is a knock on the door.)	no

 Phoebe: Well, if I'm going down, I'm taking you (Points at all of them) with me. (They all look at her.) Harboring a fugitive? That's one to three years minimum. Good luck Chandler. (She opens the door to the cop from before.) Okay, you can arrest me. Fine. But you'll never make it stick and you know it!	no

 Joey: Nope. Op, wait! There he goes. (We see Ross through the window and he acts like a swimmer that gets attacked by a shark, picture one of the many, many, many Jaws movies they made and you get the idea.)	no

 Monica: Oh no, it is okay, I mean as long as you know that Chandler and I are also very hot and fiery, just as hot as you! I mean our flame, whew, is on fire!	no

 Rachel: Ugh, it was horrible! And-and the interview part went so well, y'know? I even made him laugh. He said something about a boat and I was like, &quot;Well, yeah! If you've got enough life jackets!&quot; (She starts laughing; Chandler and Joey are not amused.) Trust me, it was actually, it was very funny. Anyway, so we were saying good-bye and ugh!	no

 Joey: Yeah. Sorry about that. (He walks away and knocks on the next door which is answered by a little girl.) Oh, hey little girl. Uhh, is-is your mommy, or sister, or babysitter by any chance a hot girl? The Little Girl: Daddy!!	no

 Monica: (That annoying competitiveness thing kicks in again, what the heck is that with her and why must the writers show it every flippin' episode?!) Oh, we're not seeing a movie!	no

 Monica: Okay. (They walk away to get some privacy.) We have got to beat them! {Here we go yet again.}	no

 Rachel: Okay, well then how about a handshake? (She goes to shake his hand but misses and touches his groin.) Oh God I'm sorry! Oh God, I'm sorry! I did not mean to touch that&
 Chandler: I think you smell great! (He sniffs her shoulder.)	no

 Kim: Oh sure, every Sunday night I'm telling myself I'm quitting but every Monday morning it's like (Mimics chain smoking.)	no

 Monica: That's a great idea! I was saving them for something special.	no

 Ross: What? (Mumbles) What-what, what are talking about? It-it worked with you.	no

 Ross: All right, all right. You-you-you know what I'm going to do? I am going to order another pizza and when Caitlin gets here, you-you--I will show how well I flirt. Yeah! I will, I will get her phone number! (To Chandler) And not the one on the menu!	no

 Joey: Okay, here's my big scene. My big scene's here! (They have two of the cops on the street, then they cut to where they're entering an apartment.) Oh my God.	no

 Joey: (dejected) Yeah, all right. (Thinks of something.) Ooh! (He quickly runs out before anyone can stop him.) Grandma Tribbiani: Joey!	no

 Ross: Gas? Wow! Intense.	no

 Ross: The gas is odorless, but they add the smell so you know when there's a leak.	no

 Chandler: (To Ross) Thanks for picking out the earrings man.	no

 Monica: All right, he's keys are in the drawer. Y'know what? I also need some cash.	no

 Chandler: (leans in and takes a sniff of Joey's sandwich) Wow! That sandwich really does smell good.	no

 Ross: Okay, okay, so we're in the car. Right? And bang! A shot was fired. And Joey with no regard for his own safety throws himself on me!	no

 Ross: No, a car backfired, but (Rachel suddenly calms down) I thought somebody was taking a shot at me. And Rach, I&
 Phoebe: Well you all know that I'm a pacifist so I'm not interested in war in any way. (Gets up) But y'know what? When the revolution comes, I will have to destroy you all. (Starts to leave.) (To Joey) Not you Joey. (Joey gets all happy with himself, while the rest of the gang is less than enthused.) End <!--webbot bot="ImageMap" startspan rectangle=" (136,1) (193, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season5.htm" rectangle=" (68,0) (126, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season5.htm" rectangle=" (0,0) (58, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season5/519rcf.htm" src="contrl08.gif" width="194" height="60" alt="contrl08.gif (14783 bytes)" border="0" --><!--webbot bot="ImageMap" i-checksum="8521" endspan -->	no

 Ross: Free cats do that too, y'know. {Which reminds me, if I might get a little political here, support your local animal shelter. Pet shops are not the place to buy dogs and cats from, you get a much better deal from the shelter, plus they probably won't die on you in a week and a half. If you want a leash, go to the pet shop. If you want the dog for that leash, go to the shelter and save it's life. Now back to regularly scheduled programming.}	no

 Chandler: Sometimes I wish I was a lesbian... (They all stare at him.) Did I say that out loud?	no

 Rachel: Oh God... well, it started about a half hour before the wedding. I was in the room where we were keeping all the presents, and I was looking at this gravy boat. This really gorgeous Lamauge gravy boat. When all of a sudden- (to the waitress that brought her coffee)Sweet 'n' Lo?- I realized that I was more turned on by this gravy boat than by Barry! And then I got really freaked out, and that's when it hit me: how much Barry looks like Mr. Potato Head. Y'know, I mean, I always knew looked familiar, but... Anyway, I just had to get out of there, and I started wondering 'Why am I doing this, and who am I doing this for?'. (to Monica) So anyway I just didn't know where to go, and I know that you and I have kinda drifted apart, but you're the only person I knew who lived here in the city.	no

 Rachel: And you've got lenses! But you hate sticking your finger in your eye!	no

 Monica: No, no, no. They say it's the same as the distance from the tip of a guy's thumb to the tip of his index finger. (The guys stretch out their fingers.)	no

 Phoebe: Okay. Okay, let's say I bought a really great pair of shoes. Do you know what I'd hear, with every step I took? 'Not-mine. Not-mine. Not-mine.' And even if I was happy, okay, and, and skipping- 'Not-not-mine, not-not-mine, not-not-mine, not-not-mine'...	no

 Phoebe: 'Dear Ms. Buffay. Thank you for calling attention to our error. We have credited your account with five hundred dollars. We're sorry for the inconvenience, and hope you'll accept this- (Searches in her purse) -football phone as our free gift.' Do you believe this?! Now I have a thousand dollars, and a football phone!	no

 Joey: Oh, God! (Hurriedly closes his legs.)	no

 Phoebe: (shouting as he leaves) If you never smoke again I'll give you seven thousand dollars!	no

 Chandler: What? There was ice there that night with Carol? Plastic seats? Four thousand angry Pittsburgh fans?	no

 Phoebe: Yeah, right! See, he gave up something, but then he got those magic beans. And then he woke up, and there was this, this big plant outside his window, full of possibilities and stuff.. And he lived in a village, and you live in the Village..	no

 Joey: Yeah. I'm thinking, if we put our heads together, between the two of us, we can break them up. [Time lapse, Monica accidentally spilled her drink on Bob's shirt and is wiping it off. Joey is making eyes at Angela.]	no

 Joey: Vell, Eva, ve've done some excellent vork here, and I vould have to say, your pwoblem is qviiite clear. (He goes into a song and dance number.) All you want is a dingle, What you envy's a schwang, A thing through which you can tinkle, Or play with, or simply let hang... Opening Credits	no

 Chandler: Oh, I'm sorry, then you're widowed?...Hopefully?	no

 Monica: But my clothes are&
 Chandler: Well, I suppose I&
 Chandler: Yeah, it kinda makes that-that one night special. (Realizes something) Y&
 Rachel: Ahh, yes, I will have a glass of the Merlot and uh, (points to Ross&
 Joey: I'll kick that door in if you give me a little sugar. Commercial Break	no

 Chandler: Okay, Pheebs, we decided the picnic idea was a little&
 Joey: Nooo, I said we needed a new plan.	no

 Joey: (entering) Ross! Get a shot of this. (He's carrying an issue of the USA Today and hands Ross the camera.) Hey babies! These are the headlines on the day you were born! Okay, now girl baby turn away and boy babies&
 Rachel: I don&
 Phoebe: Oh, look-look, Joey's on TV! Isn't that great? My pledge got Joey on TV! Oh that makes me feel&
 Monica: Wait! What about Joey? (Chandler opens the bathroom door to reveal Joey passed out on the toilet with a toothbrush in his mouth.) Opening Credits	no

 Chandler: Half a tank? We still got a lot of high-speed chasing to do!	no

 Chandler: Kip, my old roommate, y'know we all used to hang out together.	no

 Monica: Count in our heads as-as good Madlibs. (They putting their notepads down and get up to leave.)	no

 Phoebe: Eeeee-(She opens the box and removes its contents and sees that it's a fur coat.)-ohh!! God! (She throws it at Joey.)	no

 Monica: All right. (Looking through a box.) Op, here it is! Right underneath the can of-of bug bomb. I wonder if the best place to put something that cooks food is underneath the can of poison? (The single light flickers and goes out. Leaving the room in total darkness.)	no

 Joey: You can totally tell! Here look, watch me. (He stands up and turns his back to them so that he is facing the window.) Smile! Frown. Smile! Frown. (The camera cuts to Ross outside hanging up the phone.) Smile! (Ross turns around and sees Joey alternately smiling and frowning and just stares at him for a second and heads back inside.)	no

 Larry: (entering) A 98. I deducted 2 points because you are not wearing your chef's hat, and that is a Section 5 violation.	no

