Choate couldn't hit Dimitri Young and Cecil Fielder standing shoulder to shoulder if he tried.

Mets defense tonight has been somewhere between bad &amp; Delmon Young.

Delmon Young in the OF &gt;

How is this not Jansen. Its the best part of the Cardinals lineup and you want League to face them? Seriously?

@atk825 I get that, its just its Brandon League. Making the pitching change is an upgrade in almost every scenario.

Its a struggle right now RT@baseball_ref: Now entering hour 24 of America forced to be without Major League Baseball.

Craig Breslow, Stephen Drew, Joe Saunders, Chris Young, Trevor Bauer, Bryan Shaw, Chris Johnson, Justin Upton, Ian Kennedy, Jason Kubel,con

@SkatingTripods when he was on the Jeselnik Offensive he was absolutely hilarious. Killed She's out of my League too.

Michael Young just got subbed in at SS &amp; Marmol at P with 2 on in a game LAD is down 4-2. This is real life.

Good, smart stuff here RT@jonahkeri: At Grantland: MLB awards time! My ballots for MVP, Cy Young, Rookie of the Year. http://t.co/dZEd5FcLjW

Here comes a slam or a swinging K at a pitch in the dirt where Young falls over.

Over/Under 2.5 times tonight you think to yourself "why the fuck is Delmon Young in this game"

You know your team is gearing up for a deep playoff run when they trade for Michael Young.

The ignorance here is incredible RT@HeardOnMLBT: "The Cy Young is a team award." - Harold Reynolds

I think id be a better GM in current intoxication state than Ruben Amaro sober. Hey @Phillies hire me. I promise I won't sign Delmon Young.

Is there anything worse than the booths in baseball? The blatant homerism isn't even hidden a little bit #LukeGregersonCyYoung

Just read the @jonahkeri article on the A's. Brings to light what baseball should be in the future.

Kind of digging Papoose's The Nacirema Dream. The dude is a lyrical genius. Brings heat on that Alphabetical Slaughter.  Not bad.

@chonbon15 @jeff_underscore i disagree but its close. Differences in DYAR very small. Essentially same player but I'll take Young.

@jeff_underscore Amendola maybe not but when is he healthy? Givens is not better than Young, come on man. Quick maybe but he needs work.

Guy, Titus Young is owed very little money the next 2 years. They didn't sign him to a 5 year/50 mil deal. Calm the fuck down.

I'll take the risk that Young truly is an idiot on the even 25% shot that he changes. He could be a game changer. Rams have few of those.

Risk: Titus Young doesn't/won't change so you cut him. Reward: Titus Young realizes potential. You now have two young, legit deep threats.

I really don't mind the Titus Young signing at all. Rams need WRs. Fisher kept Jenkins in line. Young figures to get the ball heavily.

@VinchenzBk @GiLmo574 Young is just so bad at the most important things like getting on base. The weight clause is hilarious though.So funny

Matt Harvey might approach 220 Ks with the Youngs, Yuni, and Howard in the division. Go fantasy team.

Phillies have to be having one of the worst offseasons in recent memory. Michael Young, Delmon Young and Betancourt. Woof.

I bet Daniels is just laughing his ass off as the Phillies offer him actual, alive players for Michael Young.

There are lots of moves in the running, but the Phillies trading anything of any value for Michael Young would become worst move of meetings

