 Chandler: Then put out fire by peeing, no get invited back. Monica and Phoebe: Ewww!	no

 Phoebe: So how are things going with you two? Is she becoming your (provocatively) special someone?	no

 Monica: Oh no, she's out having drinks with Carl.	no

 Phoebe: So you do know who he is! (laughs, Ross stares at her) Sorry.	no

 Chandler: Uh, let's see... Alvin... Simon... Theodore.... no.	no

 Melanie: There is a little child inside this man!	no

 Rachel: It was like months ago. We were walking by this antique store, and I saw this pin in the window, and I told him it was just like one my grandmother had when I was a little girl. Oh! I can't believe he remembered!	no

 Chandler: Well, sure, but can you play it on a plane? (pats his Travel Scrabble game)	no

 Chandler: (panicked) ahem... um... Crystal duck.	no

 Chandler: No it's not. It's small. It's tiny. It's petite. It's wee.	no

 Joey: Well, given that he's desperately in love with you, he probably wouldn't mind getting a cup of coffee or something.	no

 Chandler: What about the time difference?	no

 Man: (confused) What? Flight Attendant: It's from Rachel. She said that she loved the present, and she will see you when you get back.	no

 Joey: (panicked) Uhhh.. y'know what? Forget about me. Let's, uh... let's give you another turn.	no

 Melanie: I don't know, I-I guess I just had you pegged as one of those guys who're always 'me, me, me.' But you... you're a giver. You're like the most generous man I ever met. I mean... you're practically a woman.	no

 Monica: Then why the hell are you dumping my brother?!?	no

 Monica: Oh, why?	no

 Rachel: Because, I feel like I wouldn't just be going out with him. I would be going out with all of you. Oh, and there would just be all this pressure, and I don't wanna...	no

 Chandler: Really? So, you're gonna stick with this 'it's all for her' thing?	no

 Joey: What, are you crazy? When a blind man gets his sight back, does he walk around like this? (Joey closes his eyes and walks around with arms spread.)	no

 Ross: I can't believe you'd rather go out with him than me.	no

 Ross: Come on, they're gonna love you. [Cut to a close-up of Rachel, eagerly awaiting Ross's arrival... not knowing he is getting off the plane with another woman.] End	no

 Phoebe: Ok, so this is pretty much what's happened so far. Ross was in love with Rachel since, you know, forever, but every time he tried to tell her, something kind of got in the way, like cats, and Italian guys. Finally Chandler was like &quot;forget about her&quot; but when Ross was in China on his dig, Chandler let it slip that Ross was in love with Rachel. She was like, &quot;Oh my god.&quot; So she went to the airport to meet him when he came back, but what she didn't know was, that Ross was getting off the plane with another woman. Uh-Oh! So, that's pretty much everything you need to know. But, enough about us. So, how've you been? Opening Credits [Scene, The Airport, continued from last season, Rachel is waiting for Ross to come of the plane, when she sees he's coming off with another woman.]	no

 Joey: Um, this?	no

 Phoebe: 'Cause, you know, (in that voice) if you don't look good, we don't look good. I love that voice.	no

 Monica: This is amazing. I mean, how, how did this happen?	no

 Ross: I know, I know I was, but there was always this little voice inside that kept saying it's never gonna happen, move on. You know whose voice that was?	no

 Chandler: Well, you owe me one, big guy.	no

 Rachel: (To Ross) Here's your lemonade.	no

 Rachel: Oh. Well then, you better go take that back because they're gonna charge you for that.	no

 Phoebe: Oh, ok. How, it's been so long since you've had sex, you're wondering if they've changed it?	no

 Phoebe: Because, I'm just, I'm incredibly anal and an unbelievable control freak.	no

 Chandler: (entering) Hi. Anybody know a good tailor?	no

 Joey: Needs some clothes altered?	no

 Joey: Why don't you go see Frankie? My family's been goin' to him forever. He did my first suit when I was 15. No wait, 16. No, 'scuse me, 15. (still confused) All right, when was 1990?	no

 Ross: (on phone) Ok, ok, sweetheart, I'll see you later. Ok, bye. What? (Sits down next to Rachel) Oh, that is so sweet. No, no, ok, you hang up. Ok, ok, one, two, three. (Doesn't hang up and motions for Rachel to be quiet) Well you didn't hang up either.	no

 Monica: (to Phoebe) You know it's funny, the last time Paulo was here, my hair was so much shorter and cuter.	no

 Phoebe: I'm not gonna lie to you, Ross, it doesn't look good. I put a clip on one side, which seems to have stopped the curling.	no

 Rachel: Come on. How can I just tell him? What about Julie?	no

 Joey: Look, Rach, Rach! I've been with my share of women. In fact, I've been with like a lot of people's share of women. The point is, I've never felt about anyone the way Ross felt about you.	no

 Chandler: (entering, angry) Yo, paisan! Can I talk to you for a sec? (Pause) Your tailor is a very bad man!	no

 Chandler: Come on, Monica, things could be worse. You could get caught between the moon and New York City. I know it's crazy, but it's true.	no

 Phoebe: (to Rachel) Ok, I just wanna be really sure this time. Andie McDowell's the girl from Four Weddings and a Funeral, right?	no

 Rachel: You're welcome. End	no

 Chandler: We're just hanging out by the spoons. Ladle?	no

 Chandler: Carol? I was just wondering if Joey could ask you a question about breast-feeding?	no

 Monica: You're welcome.	no

 Joey: (A guy walks by) Bijan for men? (Another guy walks by) Bijan for men? (Another guy walks by) Bijan for men? (An attractive woman walks by.) Hey Annabelle.	no

 Joey: Listen, I know you're new, but it's kinda understood that everything from Young Men's to the escalator is my territory. Hombre Man: Your territory, huh?	no

 Monica: Just out. Had some lunch, just me, little quality time with me. Thanks for your jacket.	no

 Monica: Really, Rachel, I was thinking of you the whole time. Look, I'm sorry, all right. I never meant for you to find out!	no

 Monica: That is not true!	no

 Rachel: Ok, Monica. I just have to know one thing. Did you go with her to Bloomingdale's? (Monica looks away.) Oh! Ok, ok, ok, I just really, uh, I just really need to not be with you right now. (Exits.) Commercial Break	no

 Chandler: (slides the juice across the counter which Joey catches) What do you care? You're an actor. This is your day job. This isn't supposed to mean anything to you.	no

 Monica: Look, I know that you're in a place right now where you really need to hate Julie's guts, but she didn't do anything wrong. I mean, she was just a girl who met a guy, and now they go out. I really think that if you gave her a chance, you'd like her. Would you just give that a chance, for me?	no

 Julie: I know, I probably shouldn't even tell you this, but I'm pretty much totally intimidated by you.	no

 Julie: Yes. Oh my god, are you kidding? Ross is so crazy about you, and I really wanted you to like me, and, it's probably me being totally paranoid, but I kinda got the feeling that maybe you don't.	no

 Rachel: Um, ok, uh, oh god, um, when you and uh Ross first started going out, it was really hard for me, um, for many reasons, which I'm not gonna bore you with now, but um, I just, I see how happy he is, you know, and how good you guys are together, and um, Monica's always saying how nice you are, and god I hate it when she's right.	no

 ROSS: I got it. Uh, Joey, women don't have Adam's apples.	no

 PHOEBE: I'm sorry, but sometimes they need help. That's fine. Go ahead and scoff. You know, there're a lot of things that I don't believe in, but that doesn't mean they're not true.	no

 JOEY: Check this out. Can I have this?	no

 ROSS: Pheebs, I have studied evolution my entire adult life. Ok, I can tell you, we have collected fossils from all over the world that actually show the evolution of different species, ok? You can literally see them evolving through time.	no

 RACHEL: What? Come on, it's not like I'm asking for this girly clock or anything, which, by the way, I also think is very cool.	no

 MONICA: It doesn't go with any of my stuff.	no

 ROSS: Ok, Pheebs. See how I'm making these little toys move? Opposable thumbs. Without evolution, how do you explain opposable thumbs?	no

 JOEY: All right, you know what we gotta do? We gotta get you outta here. Come on, I'll buy you breakfast, let's go.	no

 CHANDLER: What if I never find someone? Or worse, what if I've found her, but I dumped her because she pronounced it &quot;supposably&quot;?	no

 CHANDLER: Yeah, I understand.	no

 JANICE: Is it yours? Ha! You wish, Chandler Bing. You are looking at a married lady now.	no

 ROSS: Ok, Phoebe, this is it. In this briefcase I carry actual scientific facts. A briefcase of facts, if you will. Some of these fossils are over 200 million years old.	no

 PHOEBE: Ok, look, before you even start, I'm not denying evolution, ok, I'm just saying that it's one of the possibilities.	no

 RACHEL: I am. Let me just get my coat.	no

 CHANDLER: If I'm gonna be an old, lonely man, I'm gonna need a thing, you know, a hook, like that guy on the subway who eats his own face. So I figure I'll be Crazy Man with a Snake, y=know. Crazy Snake Man. And I'll get more snakes, call them my babies, kids will walk past my place, they will run. &quot;Run away from Crazy Snake Man,&quot; they'll shout!	no

 CHANDLER: Of course I am. I reject anyone who's crazy enough to actually go out with me, and then I bitch about the fact that there aren't any great women out there.	no

 CHANDLER: Whoa! Don't know about that.	no

 RACHEL: Thank you.	no

 CHANDLER: Yeah, yeah. Some people said some nice things about him. I think somebody should have it.	no

 MONICA: Oh, gosh, this is so weird. I mean, his whole life was in this apartment, and now it's gone. You know, I think it would be nice if we just took a few moments, for Mr. Heckles. I mean, he was kind of a pain, he was, but, he was a person. You're all going to hell.	no

 RACHEL: It's really not that big!	no

 CHANDLER: Takin' that with you, huh?	no

 PHOEBE: Well, I mean, I'm not married married, ya know, he's just a friend and he's gay and he's just from Canada and he just needed a green card.	no

 PHOEBE: Oh, I don't know. Umm, how about the fact that the underwear out there on the telephone pole is yours from when you were having sex with Fun Bobby out on the terrace.	no

 CHANDLER: I didn't know it was a big secret.	no

 JOEY: I don't know, you see somethin', you hear a word, I thought that's what it was. Let me see it again.	no

 MONICA: Look honey, I wanted you to hook up with Ross as much as you did. But he's with her now and you're just gonna have to get over it.	no

 JOEY: The Ice Capades?	no

 MONICA: I can't believe you're dressing up for him. I mean, you're just, you're setting yourself up all over again.	no

 CHANDLER: Oh I see, I see, because of the third nipple thing. Ha ha ha ha. . .	no

 RACHEL: Bye-bye Julie. [Julie leaves] [Rachel is still cleaning, Ross is laying on the couch. Ross kicks Rachel in the butt.]	no

 RACHEL: No, no no no, don't need to know the details.	no

 ROSS: It's just, it's, it's me. You, you know I've only been with one woman my whole life and she turned out to be a lesbian. So now I've got myself all psyched out, you know, and it's become, like this, this thing and I. . . Well, you just must think I'm weird.	no

 RACHEL: I think it's sexy.	no

 RACHEL: Oh yeah, I don't care how much she tells you she wants it, I don't care if begs, she pleads, she tells you she, she's gonna have sex with, with another man. That just means it's working.	no

 ROSS: What's wrong with people having sex?	no

 MONICA: Hell, I wanna see Joey. [video starts with the cheesy porn disco music]	no

 DUNCAN: I know, that's what I kept telling myself but you just reach a point where you can't live a lie anymore.	no

 DUNCAN: Well I guess on some level I always knew I was straight. I though I was supposed to be something else, you know, I'm an ice dancer, all my friends are gay, I was just tryin' to fit in.	no

 PHOEBE: I, I don't know what to say. I mean, you know, you're married to someone for six years and you think you know him and then one day says, 'Oh, I'm not gay.'	no

 PHOEBE: Why couldn't you have just figured this out six years ago?	no

 RACHEL: Well, you have been in our lives for nearly two months now and we don't really know you. I mean, who is Julie? I mean, what do you like, what don't you like? We wanna hear everything.	no

 RACHEL: Now, what exactly is in a cobb salad?	no

 ROSS: Um, no, I uh, I have done it before.	no

 JADE: Hello, I'm looking for Bob. This is Jane. I don't know if you're still at this number, but I was just thinking about us, and how great it was, and, well, I know it's been three years, but, I was kinda hoping we could hook up again. I barely had t he nerve to make this call, so you know what I did?	no

 ROSS: Oh my god. You are pure evil.	no

 CHANDLER: I'll see you guys later, I gotta go...do a thing.	no

 JOEY: Yes! Yeah, it's like they're always saying &quot;let's go here, let's go there&quot;. Like we can afford to go here and there.	no

 MONICA: I'm at work, ordinary day, you know, chop chop chop, sauti, sauti, sauti. All of a sudden, Leon, the manager, calls me into his office. It turns out they fired the head lunch chef, and guess who got the job.	no

 CHANDLER: Oh, come on. I can never get a girl like that with conventional methods.	no

 ROSS: That doesn't matter. She wanted to call Bob. Hey, for all we know, Bob is who she was meant to be with. You may be destroying two people's chance for happiness.	no

 MONICA: Who has her own little desk when Roland's not there.	no

 RACHEL: Uh, I don't know. Why don't you put it right here next to my water?	no

 JOEY: Thank you.	no

 MONICA: Oh, thank you!	no

 RACHEL: Ok, look you guys, I really don't want to get into this right now. I think it'll just make everyone uncomfortable.	no

 CHANDLER: We can talk about that.	no

 CHANDLER: So um, how come you guys haven't talked about this before?	no

 CHANDLER: So, the ebola virus. That's gotta suck, huh? (at Monica and Rachel's)	no

 MONICA: I don't know, Chandler. Let's take a look.	no

 CHANDLER: If you guys feel this big, maybe that's not our fault. Maybe that's just how you feel.	no

 JOEY: Oh, now you're tellin' us how you feel.	no

 CHANDLER: Well, maybe he had some kind of uh, new, cool style, that you're not familiar with. And uh maybe you have to get used to it.	no

 MONICA: You know what? I'm not gonna be able to enjoy this.	no

 CHANDLER: So, let's go.	no

 CHANDLER: I can't believe the guys missed this.	no

 MONICA: Yeah, ours pretty much sucked, oh, but, I did run into little Stevie Fisher. Remember him?	no

 RACHEL: Who gave you that hickey?	no

 MONICA: That would be the work of a Blowfish.	no

 CHANDLER: I'm just saying that sometimes we like to do stuff that costs a little more.	no

 CHANDLER: You know, I once dated a Miss Crankypants. Lovely girl, kinda moody.	no

 CHANDLER: Is he the one with the beautiful wife? (Central Perk)	no

 TERRY: Uh, Rachel, sweetheart, could I see ya for a minute?	no

 RACHEL: Ok, ok, so you're not a fan, but I mean, come on, you cannot do this to her.	no

 RACHEL: Oh, no no no no. Oh no no no no. I have to do this to her?	no

 CHANDLER: You know, I don't think we brought enough stuff. Did you forget to pack the baby's anvil?	no

 RACHEL: Terry is a jerk, ok? That's why we're always saying &quot;Terry's a jerk!&quot; That's where that came from.	no

 RACHEL: Come on, Terry, I'll even clean the cappuccino machine.	no

 MONICA: Doctor, can I see you for just a minute please? My brother has a slight phobia about needles.	no

 MONICA: Are you sure he didn't break it because it really hurts.	no

 CHANDLER: Yeah?	no

 CHANDLER: Heads it is.	no

 PHOEBE: Eight dollars and 27 cents. But not really, 'cause I put in the first two, just to, you know, get the ball rolling, and to make myself feel better.	no

 ROSS: Ohhh. Big boy, riding the bus--Hey, I have a question. How come it says Property of Human Services on his butt?	no

 PHOEBE: Ok, there is no top. That's the beauty of Smelly Cat. Um, why don't you just follow me?	no

 MNCA: Chandler, I'm unemployed and in dire need of a project. Ya wanna work out? I can remake you.	no

 JOEY: [to Ross] You're getting a cat?	no

 PHOE: Why Scott doesn't want to sleep with me. It's 'cause I'm not sexy enough.	no

 JOEY: Phoebe, that's crazy. When I first met you, you know what I said to Chandler? I said, &quot;Excellent butt, great rack.&quot;	no

 PHOE: Really? That's so sweet. I mean, I'm officially offended but, sweet.	no

 JOEY: I can't find the remote. [Phoebe turns off the TV] Thank you.	no

 ROSS: I was doing great with Julie before I found out about you.	no

 PHOE: Ok, so, ok, was he holding you? Or was his hand like on your back?	no

 PHOE: Wow. What are you gonna use it for?	no

 MNCA: There's an ad for a naked chef?	no

 MNCA: So, Mr. Rastatter, what exactly does this job entail? The ad wasn't too clear.	no

 JOEY: Ok, let's start with the cons, 'cause they're more fun. All right, Rachel first.	no

 ROSS: And I guess, you know, sometimes, she's a little ditzy, you know. And I've seen her be a little too into her looks. Oh, and Julie and I, we have a lot in common 'cause we're both paleontologists, but Rachel's just a waitress.	no

 CHAN: Waitress. Got it. You guys wanna play Doom? Or we could keep doing this. What else?	no

 JOEY: [to Ross] Hey, so how'd it go with Julie? Did you, did you break her heart?	no

 RACH: She is not Rachem. What the hell's a Rachem? Is that some stupid paleontology word that I wouldn't know because I'm just a waitress. [She goes into her apartment and slams the door.]	no

 CHAN: [squirming] All right, let's get some perspective here, ok? These things, they happen for a reason.	no

 MNCA: Oh, you must be freezing. You know what you need? How about a nice steaming cup of hot Mockolate? [Ross runs to Rachel's bedroom, knocking on the door.]	no

 JOEY: [quietly] I never know how long you're supposed to wait in this type of a situation before you can talk again, you know? [Ross stares blankly at him] Maybe a little longer.	no

 RTST: Oh, some, that's fine. Some is fine. Some is not a lot. So, it doesn't burn when you pee, does it?	no

 RADIO: The next one's dedicated to Rachel from Ross. Rachel, he wants you to know he's deeply sorry for what he did and he hopes you can find it in your heart to forgive him. (With or Without You plays) [Rachel seems touched. She pauses for a moment, then picks up the phone and starts to dial. Cut to Ross at his apartment.]	no

 RTST: It's like I'm lookin' in a mirror. Anyway, they're called &quot;fishtachios&quot;. They taste exactly like pistachios, but they're made primarily of reconstituted fish bits. Here, try one. You're not allergic to anything, are you?	no

 MONICA: Oh, actually this year we just made him homemade cookies.	no

 ROSS: So you guys, who else did you tip with cookies?	no

 GRANDMOTHER: Oh, sure, yeah. [gets a box with the pictures] This is the one of you father in a meadow, and, uh, helping a little boy fly a kite, and here he is at a graduation. . . another graduation. . . another graduation.	no

 GRANDMOTHER: Alright, that is not your father, that's just a picture of a guy in a frame.	no

 MONICA: Just some stuff for the party.	no

 MONICA: Well, maybe the mailman liked the cookies, we just didn't give him enough.	no

 GRANDMOTHER: Well, I think you're better off without him. Oh honey, I know he's your daddy but, but to me he's still the irresponsible creep who knocked up your mom and stole her Gremlin.	no

 GRANDMOTHER: Now, remember, nobody else drives that cab.	no

 JOEY: Phoebe here with the cab yet?	no

 PHOEBE: Oh, no no, that side doesn't have one, the paramedics had to cut through it. [Chandler jumps out of the car]	no

 CHANDLER: Oh, so that's what this is for.	no

 RACHEL: Oh, yeah, well hey, welcome to our sauna. MR. TREEGER: Ahh, is it hot? My body always stays cool, probably 'cause I have so much skin. Hey, cheese! [Ross is speaking to Monica and Rachel about tipping the super.]	no

 MONICA: So, wait, you really did like my cookies? MR. TREEGER: Oh, yeah, they were so personal, really showed you cared.	no

 PHOEBE: Yeah, maybe, yeah. You know, and, and I'll knock on the door and, and he'll hug me and I'll have a dad. Ya know and I'll, I'll go to his pharmacy and everyone will be really nice to me 'cause, you know, I'm Franks daughter.	no

 CHANDLER: And last but not least. [Chandler and Joey give Monica a pack of condoms.]	no

 JOEY: They're ribbed for your pleasure. [Ross and Monica trade their gifts.] END <!--webbot bot="ImageMap" startspan rectangle=" (137,2) (197, 84)  http://thecfsi.com/season2/210russ.htm" rectangle=" (70,2) (129, 84)  http://thecfsi.com/season2.htm" rectangle=" (0,2) (58, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season2/208list.htm" src="contrl08.gif" width="194" height="60" alt="contrl08.gif (14783 bytes)" --><!--webbot bot="ImageMap" i-checksum="5238" endspan -->	no

 MNCA: You were so amazing as the king. I was really impressed, I was.	no

 CHAN: Does anyone have one from a different paper? Ross, read yours.	no

 JOEY: No, no, no, it.. it's too hard. It's not worth it. I quit.	no

 FBOB: OK, now before I go, does anybody else need to be picked up? [everyone raises their hands] I'm still gonna go.	no

 FBOB: Uh, public display of affection coming up. You can avert your eyes. [kisses Monica] [Chandler and Joey are watching, Rachel turns their heads away from Monica.]	no

 ROSS: Yeah but, you know, now that I think about it, I don't think I've ever seen Fun Bobby without a... a drink in his hand.	no

 PHOE: Yeah. Oh, OOOH, yeah, you know, did you notice how he always starts his stories with, um, OK, 'I was soooo wasted,' or, 'Oh, we were soooo bombed,' or, ummm, ooh, ooh, 'So I wake up, and I'm in this dumpster in Connecticut.'	no

 MNCA: Well, we just happen to go to alot of places where you might drink. I mean, how do you go to a wine tasting without having a drink? Or... or to a club, or to the... zoo.	no

 FBOB: Well, I would make them Belgian, but the waffles are hard to get into that flask.	no

 JOEY: Well, the part's mine if I want it.	no

 JOEY: Yeah, if I'm willing to sleep with the casting lady.	no

 JOEY: Ten years I've been waiting for a break like this Chandler, ten years! I mean, Days of Our Lives. That's actually on television.	no

 JOEY: Well, I guess I could sleep with her... I mean, how could I do that?	no

 JOEY: I've never slept with someone for a part.	no

 MNCA: Bobby and I are going away for the weekend, remember?	no

 FBOB: Look, I am just not strong enough to be in a codependent relationship right now, OK?	no

 JULIE: Um, oh, I don't know. I mean, it's definitely weird not being with Ross, but I guess I'm doing OK. Actually I've got some of his stuff that he, um.... [Russ and Julie look at each other with love in their eyes. The music builds...] END <!--webbot bot="ImageMap" startspan rectangle=" (139,1) (197, 84)  http://thecfsi.com/season2/211towlw.htm" rectangle=" (70,0) (130, 84)  http://thecfsi.com/season2.htm" rectangle=" (0,0) (59, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season2/209towpd.htm" src="contrl08.gif" width="194" height="60" alt="contrl08.gif (14783 bytes)" --><!--webbot bot="ImageMap" i-checksum="39965" endspan -->	no

 ROSS: This is so cool. You're actually gonna be on television.	no

 MONICA: Yes! Carol and Susan's caterer had a mountain bike accident this weekend, and she's in a full body cast. ROSS, CHANDLER &amp; JOEY: Yes!	no

 JOEY: Yeah, and she's really nice too. She taught me all about how to work the cameras, and smell-the-fart acting.	no

 CHANDLER: That's great. All right, I gotta get to work, I got a big dinosaur bone to inspect.	no

 CHANDLER: Yes, and this with the cigarette butt in it, is that decaf?	no

 JOEY: I can't believe you're so uptight about your mom comin'.	no

 PHOEBE: I don't know. I mean, she obviously has some kind of unfinished business. [Mrs. Adelman's voice] Sit up! MRS. GREEN: [entering] There she is.	no

 RACHEL: Pretty much. MRS GREEN: Monica! You look gorgeous! Last time I saw you, it was eat or be eaten.	no

 PHOEBE: I know who it is you remind me of. Evelyn Dermer. 'Course, that's before she got the lousy face lift. Now she looks like Soupy Sales.	no

 RACHEL: I know. And Mom, I realize you and Daddy were upset when I didn't marry Barry and get the big house in the suburbs with all the security and everything, but this is just so much better for me, you know? MRS GREEN: I do. You didn't love Barry. And I've never seen you this happy. I look at you and I think, oh, this is what I want.	no

 CHANDLER: You know, it's funny when my parents got divorced, they sent me to this shrink, and she told me that all kids have a tendency to blame themselves. But in your case it's actually kinda true.	no

 PHOEBE: I don't know how to say this, but I think when your wife's spirit left her body, it um, kind of stuck around in me. MR A: You're saying, my wife is in you?	no

 RACHEL: No, that was his costume. See, he's actually an orthodontist, but he came as a regular dentist.	no

 MONICA: Really? Weird. Anyway, see, I planned everything really well. I planned and I planned and I planned. It just turns out, I don't think I planned enough time to actually do it.	no

 RACHEL: Oh! What's new in sex? MRS GREEN: The only man I've ever been with is your father.	no

 JOEY: I'm sorry, it's the pigs. they're reluctant to get in the blankets!	no

 PHOEBE: Monica, how did this happen? I thought you had this all planned out.	no

 CAROL: I mean, I knew they were having trouble with this whole thing, but they're my parents. They're supposed to give me away and everything.	no

 ROSS: Well then that's it. And if George and Adelaide can't accept that, then the hell with them. Look, if my parents didn't want me to marry you, no way that would have stopped me. Look, this is your wedding. Do it.	no

 MONICA: You heard the woman. Peel, chop, devil! I can't believe I lost 2 minutes. [at the wedding]	no

 WOMAN: You know, I uh, I couldn't help but overhear what you just said, and I think it's time for you to forget about Rose, move on with your life...how 'bout we go get you a drink?	no

 RACHEL: Hey, Mom? Having fun? MRS GREEN: Oh, am I! I just danced with a wonderfully large woman. And three other girls made eyes at me over the buffet. Oh, I'm not saying it's something I wanna pursue, but it's nice to know I have options.	no

 JOEY: Well, I'm makin money now and this is payin' you back for head shots, electric bills, and so many slices of pizza I can't even count. I love ya man.	no

 CHANDLER: Well, thanks man. Now I can get my pony.	no

 CHANDLER: I so am.	no

 CHANDLER: Hey, you feelin' better?	no

 MONICA: No no no, if I couldn't pay you back right away then I'd feel guilty and tense every time I saw you.	no

 CHANDLER: Ya know, the man's got a point. [gestures with his arm and the bracelet falls off]	no

 MONICA: Oh, God forbid. [Rachel enters with a laundry basket] MRS. GELLER: Oh, hi Rachel.	no

 RACHEL: Hi. MRS. GELLER: Oh, we were so sorry to hear about your parents splitting up, dear.	no

 RACHEL: Oh, well, you know, they're just separated so, you know, never know, we'll see. MR. GELLER: Well, I can't say any of us were surprised. Your parents have been unhappy ever since we've known them. Especially after that incident in Hawaii.	no

 MAN: Sure will. I've uh, gotta go. Take care.	no

 ROSS: OK, see ya later, nice meeting you. [man leaves] You're welcome.	no

 CHANDLER: OK, well that's the part where I'm a wank. But I was hoping we wouldn't focus on that. [Joey goes to his room and shuts the door] Hey, c'mon man, I said I was sorry like a hundred times, I promise I will never take it off my. . . [notices the bracelet is missing from his wrist] wrist. But if, if you want to stay in there and be mad, you know, you just uh, you stay in there. [he starts searching the room, lifting up the couch cushions]	no

 CHANDLER: I am here, on my knees, holding up these couch cushions as a symbol of my sorrow and regret, much like they did in biblical times. Though you may haveth anger now. . . [Joey returns to his room]	no

 CHANDLER: Oh, you're right I, I should play in the hay. Forget about the fact that I just dropped 400 dollars to replace a bracelet that I hated to begin with. Bring on the hay. [sits down at the bar]	no

 JOEY: What is with your nose?	no

 MONICA: You know what this is, this is us getting ready for the prom.	no

 MONICA: Over here dad. [he pans over and we see a torso taking up the whole screen] MR, GELLER: Wait, how do you zoom out? [zooms out and we see an extremely overweight Monica eating a big sandwich] There she is.	no

 RACHEL: [the shoulders of her dress keep falling off her shoulders] Is my hook unhooked? These things keep falling down, I can't. . .	no

 MONICA: Ya know, Roy saw Star Wars 317 times. His name was in the paper.	no

 RACHEL: I can't believe I don't get to go to my own prom, this is so harsh.	no

 ROSS: OK, you guys, ya know, I think we've seen enough, let's turn it off.	no

 JOEY: Huh? Days of our Lives picked up my option.	no

 CHANDLER: Congratulations!	no

 chandler: Now we can finally watch Green Acres the way it was meant to be seen.	no

 MONICA: Rose Marie really belongs on a smaller screen, doesn't she? [Rachel enters]	no

 MONICA: Tonight you're supposed to waitress for me, my catering thing, any of those words trigger anything for you?	no

 MONICA: Really Phoebs? Because, you know, you'd have to be an actual waitress. This can't be like your 'I can be a bear cub' thing.	no

 JOEY: What if we have to pee?	no

 MONICA: Phoebe, he's a friend of my parents. He's like 20 years older than me.	no

 MONICA: Well yeah, but, you know, uh, 27 is a dangerous eye age.	no

 ROSS: No see now, now I can't because uh, I'm feeling too self conscious.	no

 RACHEL: Rub it.	no

 ROSS: Humm, that sounds, I don't, perfect. [there's a loud bang at the door so Ross opens it back up to find a shoe has been thrown at it]	no

 [Scene: Dr. Burke's office. Monica is there for her eye appointment.] DR. BURKE: I'm going to look into your eyes now.	no

 JOEY: [uses a dentist mirror to see] Naa, she's lyin'. [Monica enters carrying food that's been delivered]	no

 MONICA: Alright, but I'm very excited about this OK, so you gotta promise you won't get all big-brothery and judgmental.	no

 MONICA: Well for your information he happens to be one of the brightest, most sophisticated, sexiest men I've ever been with.	no

 ROSS: KARL! [Ross leaves to find Karl. Rachel takes a peek under the loincloth of one of the display models.]	no

 MONICA: I don't know, maybe. I mean I'm dating a man who's pool I once peed in. DR. BURKE: I didn't need to know that. I guess 21 years is a lot. I mean, hell, I'm a whole person who can drink older than you.	no

 ROSS: Shh. Do you want cran-apple or cran-grape?	no

 JOEY: Cool. END <!--webbot bot="ImageMap" startspan rectangle=" (139,3) (197, 84)  http://thecfsi.com/season2/216jmo.htm" rectangle=" (70,2) (131, 84)  http://thecfsi.com/season2.htm" rectangle=" (0,0) (59, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season2/214towpv.htm" src="contrl08.gif" width="194" height="60" alt="contrl08.gif (14783 bytes)" --><!--webbot bot="ImageMap" i-checksum="4039" endspan -->	no

 CHANDLER: Well don't you see how gross that is? I mean that's like you using my toothbrush. [Joey gets a sheepish look] You used my toothbrush?	no

 CHANDLER: Because soap is soap. It's self-cleaning.	no

 JOEY: Oh, is today the day you're gonna tell them about you two?	no

 FRIEND: She's probably not even very pretty, just young enough so that everything is still pointing up. [Monica folds her arms over her breasts]	no

 JOEY: Hey! We were just sayin', great apartment man. JOEY'S CO-STAR: Thanks. You want it?	no

 JOEY: Huh? JOEY'S CO-STAR: Yeah, I'm movin' to a bigger place. You should definitely take this one.	no

 JOEY: Yeah, can you see me in a place like this? JOEY'S CO-STAR: Why not? You hate park views and high ceilings? C'mon I'll show you the kitchen.	no

 PHOEBE: I like this lily. It's more open, ya know, and that's like my mom. She had a more open, giving spirit. Ooh, Foghorn Leghorn, ooh. TATTOO ARTIST: Alright, blonde girl, you're in room two, not so blonde girl, you're with me.	no

 PHOEBE: Just, you know, long time ago. Well, when men used to tell women what to do - a lot. And then there was suffrage, which is a good thing but is sounds horrible. Do you want to get this tattoo?	no

 PHOEBE: No. You are the boss of you. Now you march your heinie in there and get that heart tattooed on your hip. GO!!	no

 MONICA: Maybe we should just tell your parents first.	no

 RICHARD: [walks out of the bathroom and runs into Mrs. Geller who is going to the bathroom] Judy, going to the bathroom, good for you. MRS. GELLER: Thank you Richard, I appreciate the support. [Monica jumps in the shower. Right after Mrs. Geller enters the bathroom, Mr. Geller peeks his head in.] MR. GELLER: Honey. Honey, have you seen my Harmon Kilerbrew bat? Bob doesn't believe I have one. MRS. GELLER: I have no idea. Did you know Richard has a twinkie in the city? MR. GELLER: I know. He's like a new man. It's like a scene from Cocoon. MRS. GELLER: I just never would have pictured Richard with a bimbo. MR. GELLER: Apparently, he told Johnny Shapiro that she's quite a girl. In fact, he told Johnny that he thinks he's falling in love with her. MRS. GELLER: Really. MR. GELLER: I tell you, I've never seen him this happy. MRS. GELLER: So Jack, you ever think about trading me in for a younger model? MR. GELLER: Of course not. With you it's like I've got two 25-year-olds. MRS. GELLER: [they start kissing] Oh Jack stop. MR. GELLER: C'mon, it's my birthday.	no

 CHANDLER: Well it wouldn't kill you to say it once in a while.	no

 JOEY: I'm sorry. I'm 28 years old, I've never lived alone, and I'm finally at a place where I've got enough money that I don't need a roommate anymore.	no

 CHANDLER: Fine with me.	no

 MONICA: Yes, a relationship. For your information I am crazy about this man.	no

 MONICA: Dad, dad this is a good thing for me. Ya know, and you even said yourself, you've never seen Richard happier. MR. GELLER: When did I say that?	no

 CHANDLER: So I got ya something. [tosses Joey a bag of plastic spoons]	no

 CHANDLER: Lick away my man.	no

 JOEY: These'll go great in my new place. You know, 'till I get real ones.	no

 JOEY: Well, I can't use these forever. I mean, let's face it, they're no friend to the environment.	no

 CHANDLER: No-no, I mean what, what's this about your new place?	no

 ROSS: Well it's really. . . sexy. I wouldn't have thought it would be but. . . wow.	no

 CHANDLER: Stop talkin' to your men. [Joey scores]	no

 CHANDLER: Congratulations. [Chandler leaves]	no

 RACHEL: [holding a pillow made out of 4 inch red fur] Hey, nice pillow. So now tell me, is this genuine Muppet skin?	no

 JOEY: Yeah. Uh, oh, OH, the best part, c'mon. [leads them to the bathroom, gestures towards toilet, everyone stares, uncomprehending] Heh?	no

 RACHEL: Oh God. Ross, OK, if you care about me at all, you will get the pie out of the man's hood.	no

 MONICA: Your boyfriend has been in there for over an hour. I can't believe it, it's like I'm living with him again. He's here when I go to sleep, he's here when I wake up, he's here when I want to use the shower, ughh. It's like I'm sixteen all over again .	no

 CHANDLER: Yeah well, I hear the place looks great.	no

 JOEY: Oh, can you believe they gave Stephanie skin cancer?	no

 JOEY: Naa, you're just sayin' that 'cause you're in love with Yasmine Blepe.	no

 CHANDLER: Well, how could anyone not be in love with Yasmine Blepe?	no

 JOEY: Hey, hey, they're runnin'	no

 PHOEBE: Oh OK. So, um, the cat stinks but you love it, let's go.	no

 MONICA: Hi sweetie, look before I forget, did I leave my diaphram at your place? Hi mom. [she starts throwing oranges at Ross who's looking pleased with himself]	no

 CHANDLER: Oh, uhh, actually I uh, have some news.	no

 JOEY: Likewise. Uh, I'll take that. [grabs moose hat] It's what I came for. So, this is new. Where'd you two meet?	no

 PHOEBE: I sound amazing. I, I, I've never heard myself sing before. I mean, except in my own head. Oh, this is so cool, now I can hear what you hear.	no

 CHANDLER: Well I do, but uh, Eddie makes them this way and, well they're pretty darn good.	no

 JOEY: Oh come on. Nobody likes two different kinds of eggs equally. You like one better than the other and I wanna know which.	no

 RACHEL: Well, how did you find out?	no

 PHOEBE: The voice woman. Ya know, I mean, she has a great voice but she doesn't have a video.	no

 PHOEBE: No. This game is grotesque. Twenty armless guys joined at the waist by a steel bar, forced to play soccer forever. Ahh, hello, human-rights violation.	no

 CHANDLER: Ya know Phoebs, don't feel so bad for 'em. After they're done playing, I break out the little plastic women and everybody has a pretty good time.	no

 CHANDLER: Ah he's a, he's not a big fan of foosball.	no

 CHANDLER: We don't need to remedy that.	no

 PHOEBE: Oh, this is so nice. Alright I have to make a speech. I just wanna say that of all the guys that Monica has been with, and that is a lot, I like you the best.	no

 RICHARD: Oh, thank you Phoebs. That's very sweet.	no

 MONICA: Not a lot, Phoebe's kidding, Phoebe's crazy.	no

 PHOEBE: Hey is this true, that you write a lot of your own lines?	no

 RICHARD: Well, I mean what can I say? I, I was married to Barbara for 30 years. She was my high school sweetheart, now you, that's two.	no

 MONICA: Oh, yay. Ok about that two.	no

 MONICA: And, well, don't you have a lot of wild oats to sew? Or is that what you're doing with me? Oh my God, am I an oat?	no

 RICHARD: Honey, you are not an oat. I, I mean I don't know, I, I guess I'm just not an oat guy. I've only slept with women I've been in love with.	no

 MONICA: Wow. Oh wow. You know I love you too, right.	no

 RACHEL: Ok, ok, ok, I will, I will, I, hey, I will clean the apartment for two months.	no

 CHANDLER: Because he thinks I slept with his ex-girlfriend and killed his fish.	no

 RACHEL: Chandler honey, I'm sorry. Ok, can we watch Joey's show now please? [they turn on the TV]	no

 CHANDLER: We're worried about you.	no

 CHANDLER: We came over as soon as we saw.	no

 JOEY: Naa, they said that when they found my body, my brain was so smashed in that the only doctor that could have saved me was me. Supposed to be some kind of irony or somethin.	no

 JOEY: Hey, I'll be alright. I mean it's not like I'm starting from sqare one. I was Dr. Drake Remoray on Days of Our Lives. Heh? I mean that's gotta have some kind of cache.	no

 MONICA: Rachel you have to read this book. It's called Be Your Own Windkeeper. It's about how women need to become more empowered.	no

 JOEY: Alright. Cab driver number two?	no

 ESTELLE: You're welcome.	no

 PHOEBE: I don't think it would have sold a million copies but it would have made a nice gift for you.	no

 MONICA: You go girl. I can't pull that off can I?	no

 JOEY: Well knock it off, you're supposed to be my friend.	no

 JOEY: Look, I don't wanna hear this right now.	no

 EDDIE: Oh yeah, that's right, look I got us a new goldfish. He's a lot fiestier that the last one.	no

 EDDIE: Well, not unless it's got something to do with dehydrating my man because right now I'm a dehydrating maniac!	no

 EDDIE: That's a tomato. This one definitely goes in the display.	no

 JOEY: Ohh, you know what it is? It's smudgy 'cause they're fax pages. Now when I was on Days of Our Lives as Dr. Drake Remoray, they'd send over the whole script on real paper and everything. CASTING GUY: That's great.	no

 JOEY: No no, uh, don't thank me for comin' in. Uh, at least let me finish. Uh, we could take the expressway but uh, this time of day you're better off taking the budge. You were goin' for the word bridge there weren't ya. I'll have a good day. [gets up and leaves]	no

 RACHEL: No, I know, they're from me. Look you guys this is not good. I mean we have enough trouble with guys stealing our wind without taking it from each other.	no

 PHOEBE: I love you goddesses. I don't ever want to suck your wind again.	no

 CHANDLER: Yes, yes I actually saw him leave. I mean that guy is standing in the window holding a human head. He is STANDING IN THE WINDOW HOLDING A HUMAN HEAD!	no

 CHANDLER: Yeah, he's lived here for years, I don't, I don't know what you're talking about man.	no

 CHANDLER: Welcome home man. [they hug and jump around]	no

 CHANDLER: Ah that's a cantelope. CLOSING CREDITS	no

 Phoebe: Sure.	no

 Phoebe: Oh yeah, right now.	no

 Chandler: Fun Bobby? Your ex-boyfriend Fun Bobby?	no

 Joey: You know more than one Fun Bobby?	no

 Ross: Okay, so on our no-date evening, three of you now have dates.	no

 Ross: Four.	no

 Ross: Really.	no

 Ross: No.	no

 Max: No. Have you seen David?	no

 Phoebe: Oh, you're not going? (Fake disappointed voice) Oh, why?	no

 Ross: 'That thing'? This is how you greet guests at a party? Let me ask you something, if I showed up here with my new girlfriend, she wouldn't be welcome in your home?	no

 Ross: Thank you. (She walks off) C'mon, Marcel, whaddya say you and I do a little mingling? (Marcel runs off) Alright, I'll, uh... catch up with you later. (The door opens. Rachel is standing there. Her coat is muddy and torn, her hair is dishevelled and her face is bruised. Everyone turns to look)	no

 Rachel: No. Okay. I was at the airport, getting into a cab, when this woman- this blonde planet with a pocketbook- starts yelling at me. Something about how it was her cab first. And then the next thing I know she just starts- starts pulling me out by my hair! So I'm blowing my attack whistle thingy and three more cabs show up, and as I'm going to get into a cab she tackles me. And I hit my head on the kerb and cut my lip on my whistle...oh...everybody having fun at the party? (To Monica) Are people eating my dip? [Time lapse. Monica and Rachel, fixed up somewhat, emerge from a bedroom]	no

 Ross: (Watching Marcel play with Phoebe. To Chandler) Look at him. I'm not saying he has to spend the whole evening with me, but at least check in.	no

 Phoebe: Oh, you are so going to Minsk. You belong in Minsk. You can't stay here just 'cause of me.	no

 David: Yes I can. Because if I go it means I have to break up with you, and I can't break up with you.	no

 Chandler: (To a woman who he has clearly just met) And then the peacock bit me. (Laughs) Please kiss me at midnight. (She leaves)	no

 All: (in the kitchen) What?	no

 Monica: No!	no

 Rachel: Oh, she's coming up! She's coming up! (Turns on the TV) Jay Leno: (on TV) Folks, when we come back we'll be talking about her new book, 'Euphoria Unbound': the always interesting Nora Tyler Bing. You might wanna put the kids to bed for this one. (Everyone has settled down to watch, except Chandler)	no

 Ross: When did Rigatoni get back from Rome?	no

 All: Awww!	no

 Ross: ...But a man can change. (Downs a shot) [Time lapse. Ross is now clearly drunk. He is holding up a shot glass to his eye like a jeweller's eye.]	no

 Ross: When? Mrs. Bing: He's not a hero. ...You know who our hero is.	no

 Ross: The guy on the cover with his nipples showing? Mrs. Bing: No, it's you!	no

 Joey: You don't kiss your friend's mom! Sisters are okay, maybe a hot-lookin' aunt... but not a mom, never a mom! (Chandler opens the door and startles them. He picks up the paper)	no

 Chandler: What are you guys doing out here?	no

 Joey: You don't think my mom's sexy?	no

 Ross: Well, not playing raquetball!	no

 Rachel: Well,sounds like you two have issues. (She and Paolo walk a little way down the hall)	no

 Joey: How about 'cause if you don't, his mother might.	no

 Chandler: What?	no

 Chandler: I spent the entire day with you, why didn't you tell me?!	no

 Joey: (To Ross, on the couch) Now, here's a picture of my mother and father on their wedding day. Now you tell me she's not a knockout.	no

 Chandler: What was that?	no

 Chandler: Yeah. No. No... [Cut to the hallway, Joey is listening to Chandler and his mom's conversation through the door as Ross walks up.]	no

 Ross: You're kidding.	no

 Joey: Then she came back with &quot;The question is, when are you gonna grow up and realise I have a bomb?&quot;	no

 Chandler: Yeah, why not. (They shake hands) So I told her.	no

 Chandler: Awful. Awful. Couldn'ta gone worse.	no

 Ross: Well, see? So, maybe it wasn't such a bad idea, y'know, me kissing your mom, uh? Huh? (Wags his finger at Chandler, then puts it down) But.. we don't have to go down that road. Closing Credits	no

 Ross: Yup! You could plunk me down in the middle of any woman's uterus, no compass, and I can find my way out of there like that! (snaps fingers)	no

 Rachel: Honey, you can say it, Poconos, Poconos, it's like Poc-o-nos (touching Paolo's nose with forefinger with each syllable)	no

 Rachel: I know... (Camera pans to Ross, looking dejected)	no

 Chandler: Ok, you're going to have to stop that, forever! (Joey opens door, throws keys on kitchen table, table falls over)	no

 Carol: So, I got the results of the amnio today.	no

 Carol: Don't you want to know about the sex?	no

 Susan: Oh, hello Ross!	no

 Ross: (flailing arms in protest) Oh, hey hey hey, ho ho ho, hello, guy who doesn't want to know, standing right here!	no

 Ross: No problem, ok, mmmwa (kisses Carol) oh, mmmwa (kisses Carol's stomach, then punches Susan's shoulder) Susan... (Ross leaves.)	no

 Ross: (on intercom) Uh, never mind, I don't want to know. (Carol and Susan laugh)	no

 Chandler: You think we're ready for something like that?	no

 Joey: Aw, I know all about Kip!	no

 Phoebe: Oh, okay, I don't know what you just said, so let's get started.	no

 Phoebe: Um, that's really your decision, I mean, some people prefer, you know, to take off...oh whoops! You're being naked!	no

 Joey: So what's it gonna be? (Monica whispers in Joey's ear. Ross gets up and waves arms frantically in protest)	no

 Monica: I'm sorry, I'm just excited about being an aunt!	no

 Rachel: Pheebs!	no

 Monica: Are you sure? (The flashback resumes with Paolo grabbing her butt.) [Cut back to Central Perk.]	no

 Phoebe: Oh, boy scouts could have camped under there.	no

 Rachel: &quot;Ooo,&quot; what?	no

 Ross: You have to tell her! You have to tell her! It's your moral obligation, as a friend, as a woman, I think it's a feminist issue! Guys? Guys? (waiting for guys to chime in)	no

 Phoebe: Oh, I don't make them a lot because I don't think it's fair to the other cookies	no

 Ross: I think It's the most beautiful table I've ever seen.	no

 Monica: Heads up Ross! (Monica scores on Chandler and Joey) Score! (points at Chandler) You suck! (Chandler looks at Joey in amazement)	no

 Phoebe: I'm so embarrassed, I'm the one he hit on! (Phoebe's and Rachel's lines overlap)	no

 Rachel: Oh, God, he's such a pig,	no

 Rachel: He's like a big disgusting...	no

 Rachel: (voice wavers) Oh, but he was my pig man...how did I not see this?	no

 Rachel: I am so sick of guys. I don't want to look at another guy, I don't want to think about another guy, I don't even want to be near another guy. (Ross crosses arms)	no

 Ross: See, Rach, uh, see, I don't think that swearing off guys altogether is the answer. I really don't. I think that what you need is to develop a more sophisticated screening process.	no

 Ross: I'm having a boy! I-I'm having a boy!	no

 Rachel: What? What?!	no

 Chandler: That's a relatively open weave and I can still see your... nipular areas.	no

 Rachel: Oh!! (She storms off) Opening Credits	no

 Phoebe: Yeah, 'cause hello, these are not her boobies, these are her breasts.	no

 Roger: You too, sir. Mr. Tribbiani: (To Phoebe) What happened to the, uh, puppet guy?	no

 Joey: Since then?! Mr. Tribbiani: No, it's only been six years. I just wanted to put a nice memory in your head so you'd know that I wasn't always such a terrible guy. ...Joe. Y'ever been in love?	no

 Joey: ...I d'know. Mr. Tribbiani: Then y'haven't. You're burning your tomatoes.	no

 Joey: You're one to talk. (Puts the mushrooms in a saucepan) Mr. Tribbiani: Joe, your dad's in love big time. And the worst part of it is, it's with two different women.	no

 Chandler: (Without looking up) What? (Looks up) What?	no

 Ross: Yeah.	no

 Ross: Y'see, that's where you're wrong. Why would I marry her if I thought on any level thatthat she was a lesbian?	no

 Monica: You're welcome.	no

 Ronni: That's a good one! (Joey's dad enters.) Mr. Tribbiani: Hey, Joe.	no

 Chandler: So, who's up for a big game of Kerplunk?	no

 Joey: If you go to a hotel you'll be...doing stuff. I want you right here where I can keep an eye on you. Mr. Tribbiani: You're gonna keep an eye on us?	no

 Joey: That's right, mister, and I don't care how old you are, as long as you're under my roof you're gonna live by my rules. And that means no sleeping with your girlfriend.	no

 Joey: Just trying to get comfortable. I can't sleep in my underwear.	no

 Chandler: Well, you're gonna.	no

 Chandler: (Comes out of his room) What? What?	no

 Phoebe: You're not? See, that's why you're so great!	no

 Joey: Yeah. He's gonna keep cheating on my ma like she wanted, she's gonna keep pretending she doesn't know even though she does, and my little sister Tina can't see her husband any more because he got a restraining order...which has nothing to do with anything except that I found out today.	no

 Joey: Yeah, I guess. It's just parents, after a certain point, you gotta let go. Even if you know better, you've gotta let them make their own mistakes.	no

 All: Awww.	no

 Joey: Sorry. Wrong boobies. (He leaves. Cut to Monica entering Chandler and Joey's apartment. She sneaks up to the shower door)	no

 Ross: She barely knows me. We just live in the same building.	no

 Joey: Think it'll work?	no

 Chandler: ...And what did you bring?	no

 Joey: No, no, no, don't! I've been waitin' for like, forever to go out with Lorraine. Just calm down.	no

 Chandler: Calm down? Calm down? You set me up with the woman that I've dumped twice in the last five months!	no

 Rachel: Pete the Weeper? Remember that guy who used to cry every time we had sex. (imitating) &quot;Was it good for you?&quot;	no

 Rachel: How did we end up with these jerks? We're good people!	no

 Chandler: Tell me it's &quot;you and me&quot; we.	no

 Chandler: Ok, well, this was very special.	no

 Ross: If you wanna put a label on it.	no

 Rachel: (tossing things in the fire) Ok, Barry's letters. Adam Ritter's boxer shorts.	no

 Monica: No. Rachel and Phoebe: Eww!	no

 Chandler: (surprised) It is?	no

 Janice: Well then ask yourself this. Why do you think we keep ending up together? New Year's? Who invited who? Valentine's? Who asked who into whose bed?	no

 Chandler: Call me!	no

 Carol: All you need is a woman who likes men and you'll be set. (A beautiful woman walks by Ross, he stares at her.)	no

 Monica: Why does my cinamon stick have an eraser?	no

 Chandler: Mrs. Tedlock. You're looking lovely today. And may I say, that is a very flattering sleeve length on you. Mrs. Tedlock: Yes. Well, Mr. Kostelick wants you to stop by his office at the end of the day.	no

 All: That's great!	no

 Chandler: Why? This was supposed to be a temp job!	no

 Chandler: Weekly Estimated Net Usage Systems. A processing term.	no

 Phoebe: Well, he wants to do some ecclectic, so he's looking for someone who can, you know, create the entire menu.	no

 Chandler: Well, I have an appointment to see Dr. Robert Pillman, career counselor a-gogo. (pause) I added the &quot;a-gogo.&quot;	no

 Phoebe: (as though Rachel wasn't paying attention) Yummy noises.	no

 Joey: How about Tony's? If you can finish a 32-ounce steak, it's free.	no

 Chandler: Who are you going out with?	no

 Joey: (aside to Ross) So.... back to your place...you thinking, maybe... (gestures with hands, back and forth) huh-huh?	no

 Joey: I don't know. We're talking about whipped fish, Monica. I'm just happy I'm keeping it down, y'know? (Chandler kicks the door closed, angrily. His clothes are askew, he looks beat.)	no

 Phoebe: That's so great! 'Cause you already know how to do that!	no

 Monica: Oh, I asked one of the waitresses at work if she'd help me out.	no

 Ross: (deadpan) Please be kidding.	no

 Joey: Why not? Come on! Just, just close your eyes and tell me what you'd like to be doing right now.	no

 Joey: Come on. Come on. Alright, ready, look! (in a low voice) Oh... Ross.... you get me so hot. I want your lips on me now.	no

 Ross: Sure.	no

 Ross: Ahem... I want.... OK, I want to... feel your... hot, soft skin with my lips.	no

 Chandler: Look at this! (he opens the curtain to a view of New York City)	no

 Monica: Hi Steve!	no

 Phoebe: (overemphasizing) Mmmmmm! Everything smells so delicious! You know, I can't remember a time I smelt such a delicious combination of (Monica signals her to stop) of, OK, smells.	no

 Phoebe: (whispers) In the cab, on the way over, Steve blazed up a doobie.	no

 Steve: Like 'em? I could eat a hundred of them!	no

 Steve: Tartlets. Tartlets. Tartlets. The word has lost all meaning. (he gets up and goes into the kitchen)	no

 Steve: (from kitchen) Ah, cool! Taco shells! (Rachel motions, &quot;You see!&quot;) You know, these are... they're like a little corn envelope.	no

 Steve: Alright, we'll share.	no

 Steve: (excited) Hey!	no

 Phoebe: Yeah! You know all those yummy noises? I wasn't faking. (Ross gets up and goes over to the counter and Joey follows him.)	no

 Ross: I was the James Michener of dirty talk. It was the most elaborate filth you have ever heard. I mean, there were characters, plot lines, themes, a motif... at one point there were villagers.	no

 Phoebe: You guys wanna try and catch a late movie or something?	no

 Steve: Eeeee!	no

 Steve: No.	no

 Phoebe: What about this? (she starts using her elbows on his back, he yells in pain)	no

 Steve: Aaaaahhh!!	no

 Ursula: Yeah. Okay great. I&
 Chandler: Oh, you do? Because she said you guys haven&
 Ross: Marcel, Marcel, give Rossie the remote. Marcel. Marcel, you give Rossie the remote right now... Marce... you give Rossie the remote... (Marcel points the remote at Monica&
 Chandler: (Looking out at the balcony) So tell me something, is leaving the Christmas lights up part of your plan to keep us merry all year long? (Rachel slowly spins around, finally noticing that the lights have outstayed their welcome.)	no

 Joey: I went back to Riff&
 Susan: Stuck at school. Some parent-teacher thing. You can go. I&
 Susan: I will flip you for it.	no

 Chandler: So what does this mean? Mr. Douglas: Well, we&
 Chandler: Hey, listen, I know I came in late last week, but I slept funny, and my hair was very very &amp;ndash; Mr. Douglas: Not you. Relax. Ever have to fire anyone?	no

 Jamie: It looks like her. (Phoebe walks by, ignoring the two strangers.)	no

 Rachel: We&
 Phoebe: Okay. (An embarrassed silence... finally broken by)	no

 Chandler: Knit, good woman, knit, knit! (Monica frantically bursts into action as Rachel resumes winding, tangling Chandler&
 Nina: Mr.Douglas... (flirting defensively) ..cool tie. (She escapes, fortunately so distracting Mr. Douglas, that he misses Chandler&
 Chandler: Oh, no, no. Nina... (miming fairies twinkling around his head) ..she is whooo wewee-woo whoo whoo! In fact, if you asked her right now, she would have no recollection of being fired at all, none at all. Mr. Douglas: That&
 Chandler: And yet, believable. So I decided not to fire her again until I can be assured that she will be no threat to herself, or others. Mr. Douglas: I see. I guess you never really know what&
 Ross: I&
 Phoebe: Um, yeah. Look, I mean, I&
 Phoebe: Well, but that&
 Chandler: You&
 Phoebe: But he&
 Nurse: My god. You still have your Christmas lights up? (Rachel glares at the nurse, who gives Monica a form attached to a clipboard.)	no

 Monica: I have no idea, but X-rays alone could be a couple hundred dollars.	no

 Monica: (to the nurse) Hi, (tiny laugh) um, I'm gonna need a new set of (tiny laugh) these forms (tiny laugh).	no

 Monica: (Tiny laugh) I am really an idiot. (Tiny laugh) you see, I was filling out my friend's form, and instead of putting her information, (tiny laugh) I put mine.	no

 Ross: Anyway, suddenly I'm down field, and I realise that I'm the one who's supposed to catch him, right? Only I know there is no way I'm gonna get there in time, so I am running, and running, and that, that is when I woke up. See I, I am so not ready to be a father.	no

 Chandler: There it is! So what're you gonna do?	no

 Ross: Oh, we just... Phoebe's Friends: (Finally noticing the guest of honour) Surprise!	no

 Ross: Thanks, Dad, really, I ju... you know, I just, I just needed to know, um... when did you start to feel like a father? Mr. Geller: Oh, well, I, I guess it musta been the day after you were born. We were in the hospital room, your mother was asleep, and they brought you in and gave you to me. You were this ugly little red thing, and all of a sudden you grabbed my finger with your whole fist. And you squeezed it, so tight. And that's when I knew. (Ross is so moved by his father's charming story, that he stops eating.) Mr. Geller: So you don't wanna go to Williamsburg?	no

 Monica: It's uh... (Rachel discreetly coughs to warn her.) Monica (as Rachel): ..well, why don't you tell them? After all it, is your ankle. Rachel (as Monica): You know what, it's feeling a lot better, thank you, um... Well, listen, why don't you two sit down and, and we'll get you some glasses... okay... (They don't know what to do with their coats and Monica points to the living room) STAT! (Rachel joins Monica who is in the kitchen area, opening the wine bottle. Rachel checks that the doctors aren't listening, then lowers her voice anyway.)	no

 Rachel: You know what?	no

 Rachel: (as Monica) Aahh, I'm a... chef at a restaurant uptown. Dr. Rosen: Good for you.	no

 Monica: (as Rachel) (Suddenly laughing) Oh, god, I am so spoiled... That's it! (The doctors don't know what to make of all this.)	no

 Rachel: (as Monica) I use my breasts to get other people's attention.	no

 Rachel: (on phone) Daddy... Daddy... Daddy, why whyyy would I sleep with Billy Dreskin? His father tried to put you out of business! (Rachel turns to Monica, clasping the receiver to her bosom so Dr.Green can't hear, while mouthing &quot;You are...&quot;) ...dead! (Monica smiles a sweet apology of regret, until she's distracted by Marcel as he clambers all over her nice furniture.)	no

 Monica: I don't know! Why don't you just explain? What do they want? Find out what they want!	no

 Rachel: Ohhh... (slumping in relief) Okay, you were right. You were right! This was just not worth it.	no

 Monica: Thank you.	no

 Ursula: Right... Oh, I got something for you, too. (Ursula gets up to fetch a box from her bag by the counter.)	no

 Phoebe: I can't believe you did this. (Phoebe opens the box, to find something familiar inside.)	no

 Ursula: Excuse me. Doesn't this come with a side salad? (The man gives up, shaking his head.)	no

 Ursula: Oh. No, no, he is so smart. He'll figure it out. (Offering to share her food) Do you want some chicken?	no

 Chandler: No, no, you got zero points for 'IDNEY'.	no

 Nurse: Excuse me... This hospital is for people!	no

 Phoebe: (as Ursula) That's right, I don't... But I was, I was drunk on you!	no

 Phoebe: (as Ursula) You know... (unconsciously putting a hand on his knee) You're gonna be really, really hard to get over.	no

 Ross: Lo que sucedio es que no le gusta la tele! (The thing is, he doesn`t like the program!) (Everybody laughs.) End	no

 Rachel: (upset) Oh my Goood! Oh, do you think it's on all of them?	no

 Phoebe: (reading): Dear Ms. Green, thank you for your inquiry, however... oh... (crumples up letter)	no

 Chandler: You know, I can't believe you. Linda is so great! Why won't you go out with her again?	no

 Ross: Who?	no

 Chandler: (to the girls) We were playing poker, alright...	no

 Chandler: And then he did.	no

 Monica: Oh, please, that is such a lame excuse!	no

 Phoebe: Congratulations! (Microwave timer goes off. Monica gets up.)	no

 Joey: Whoa, whoa, whoa, Monica, what're you doin'? This is a poker game. You can't serve food with more than one syllable. It's gotta be like chips, or dip, or pretz...(look of realization)	no

 Phoebe: (to Joey): Oh I see, so then, you were lying.	no

 Rachel: Oh. Right.	no

 Ross: You are not putting that on again! Marcel, OK&
 Rachel: Why? Aunt Iris: Well, he may be now, because I think I hit him with my car.	no

 Rachel: Oh my God!	no

 Rachel: Noooo... the interview! She loved me! She absolutely loved me. We talked for like two and a half hours, we have the same taste in clothes, and&
 Monica: Ha, ha, very funny, very funny. But I think we'd like to give poker another try. Shall we, ladies? Phoebe and Rachel: Yes, we should. I think we should.	no

 Ross: Well, that just leaves the big Green poker machine, who owes fifteen...	no

 Monica: You know what? This is not over. We will play you again, and we will win, and you will lose, and you will beg, and we will laugh, and we will take every last dime you have, and you will hate yourselves forever.	no

 Rachel: Oh no-no-no-no-no, I'm still waiting to hear from that job and the store closes at nine, so you can eat then.	no

 Ross: Well, you better hop outta the shower, cause... I gotta flush. (lays down cards)	no

 Phoebe: Monica, in or out?	no

 Joey: Ahhh, I fold like a cheap hooker who got hit in the stomach by a fat guy with sores on his face. (the girls look at him, confused) Oh, I'm out.	no

 Ross: Oh, I am very in.	no

 Ross: Let me see! Show them!	no

 Rachel: (deals new hand) Boy, you really can't stand to lose, can you? Your whole face is getting red... little veins popping out on your temple...	no

 Joey: Check.	no

 Chandler: Call.	no

 Ross: I'm in. (throws in chips)	no

 Ross: I see your twenty, raise you twenty-five. (throws it in) (The other four look amazed at the large pot.)	no

 Rachel: (to Monica): Thank you. (to Ross): I saw your twenty-five, and I raise you... seven.	no

 Ross: Thank you.	no

 Chandler: Good luck.	no

 Chandler: (to Ross): I thought we had them!	no

 Rachel: OK, OK, it's my turn. (reads the answer)	no

 Chandler: Go. (Rachel starts drawing what looks like a bean.)	no

 Chandler: I mean, don't you think if things were gonna happen with Rachel, they would've happened already?	no

 Ross: Well, I think it's perfect. Y'know, it's just gonna be the two of us, she spent all day taking care of my monkey...	no

 Ross: Anyway, I figured after work I'd go pick up a bottle of wine, go over there and, uh, try to woo her.	no

 Phoebe: Whoah, ooh, why is the air in here so negative?	no

 Monica: No!	no

 Phoebe: Why would you leave your Belgian waffle in the hall? Mr. Heckles: I wasn't ready for it.	no

 Ross: Okay, quick and painful. (Starts to cork the wine)	no

 Luisa: Oookay. Are you aware that possession of an illegal exotic is, uh, punishable by up to two years in prison and confiscation of the animal?	no

 Rachel: Yes!!	no

 Monica: Be that as it may, d'you think you could just help us out here on that monkey thing? Y'know, just for old times' sake? Go Bobcats?	no

 Chandler: Marcel?	no

 Chandler: Yes have you seen any? Woman No. 1: No. No, haven't seen a monkey. Do you know anything about fixing radiators?	no

 Chandler: Okay, from now on, you don't get to talk to other people.	no

 Phoebe: Oh-my-God!	no

 Phoebe: Something just brushed up against my right leg!	no

 Ross: Marcel?	no

 Rachel: Ross!	no

 Ross: Hi, did you order some bananas? Mr. Heckles: What about it?	no

 Rachel: Then what's with all the bananas? Mr. Heckles: Potassium. (There is a monkey-like noise from within and Ross pushes past Mr. Heckles and enters his apartment)	no

 Ross: Marcel! What've you done to him? Mr. Heckles: That's my monkey. That's Patti, Patti the monkey.	no

 Rachel: Alright. Well then how about I call your supervisor, and I tell her that you shot my friend in the ass with a dart?	no

 Rachel: Y'know, with the right pair of pumps, that would be a great little outfit.	no

 Ross: Alright. (He goes to get the glasses. Then he hesitates and turns off the main light. Rachel looks round and he acts surprised) The, uh, the neighbours must be vacuuming. (He sits down and starts to pour the wine) Well, so long as we're here and, uh, not on the subject, I was thinking about, uh, how mad we got at each other before, and, um, I was thinking maybe it was partially because of how we, um... (Barry bursts in)	no

 Joey: I dunno, I loved high school. Y'know? It was just four years of parties and dating and sex.	no

 Monica: Gosh, doesn't it seem like a million years ago?	no

 Rachel: Oh, that is so sick.	no

 Chandler: I feel violated. And not in a good way.	no

 Phoebe: How can people do that?... (All but Phoebe walk away from the window in disgust.) Oh, you guys, look! Ugly Naked Guy got gravity boots! Opening Credits	no

 Chandler: Let her know I like her? What are you, insane? (The girls make disgusted noises.) It's the next day! How needy do I want to seem? (To the guys) I'm right, right? Joey and Ross: Oh, yeah. Yeah. Let her dangle.	no

 Rachel: Yeah, but it was different with him today! And he wasn't, like, Orthodontist Guy, y'know? I mean, we had fun! Is there anything wrong with that? (Ross 'prompts' Chandler by hitting him on the arm.)	no

 Joey: Man, we gotta do something about that guy. This morning, I caught him looking into our apartment. It creeps me out! I feel like I can't do stuff!	no

 Barry: We can, we can go to Aruba! When I went there on what would have been our honeymoon, it was, uh... it was really nice. You would've liked it. (Pause as Rachel realises...)	no

 Chandler: Can I use your phone?	no

 Rachel: (in a low voice) We ended up having sex in his chair.	no

 Monica: Brrrrrrr! (Chandler clutches at his phone before realising.)	no

 Joey: (intrigued) Yeah?	no

 Mindy: Oh that's so great!	no

 Mindy: No me, I am so sorry... (They hug and Joey enters.)	no

 Chandler: Ring dammit, ring!	no

 Joey: I tried to call you from the coffee shop, and there was no answer.	no

 Chandler: (investigating) I turned it off. Mother of God, I turned it off!	no

 Joey: (on phone) Yeah, is Sidney there? (Listens) Oh, this is? (To the gang) Sidney's a woman.	no

 Joey: Yeah. Yeah, so what? (On phone) Look, I live across the street, (walking to the window) and I know all about you and your little telescope, and I don't appreciate it, okay? (Listens) Yeah, I can see you right now! (Listens) Hello! (Listens) If I wanna walk around my apartment in my underwear, I shouldn't have to feel like&
 Monica: (waves dismissively to Sidney) Nooo!	no

 Rachel: Uh, we are here to break up with you.	no

 Rachel: What are you talking about?! Mindy, the guy is the devil! He's Satan in a smock!	no

 Rachel: Yeah! Y'know, ever since I ran out on Barry at the wedding, I have wondered whether I made the right choice. And now I know.	no

 Joey: Big day. Closing Credits	no

 Chandler: That sounds good. I'll call you- or you call me, whatever...	no

 Chandler: Okay.	no

 Phoebe: Whoo-hoo!	no

 Chandler: ...I dunno.	no

 Ross: Marcel, stop humping the lamp! Stop humping! Now Marcel, come back- (Marcel runs toward Rachel's room) come here, Marcel-	no

 Rachel: What, what, so that you can dance with the woman that stole your credit card?	no

 Teacher: May I help you?	no

 Monica: Yeah. It's Dutch. Fake Monica: You're kidding! I-I spent three years in Amsterdam. (Asks her something in Dutch)	no

 Joey: Isn't there any way you can keep him?	no

 Monica: It was so wild. We told them we were the Gunnersens in room six fifteen. Only to find out the Boston Celtics had taken over the entire sixth floor! Fake Monica: So once they caught on to the fact that we're, y'know, short and have breasts...	no

 Rachel: Go Monana! Well, you ladies are not the only ones living the dream. I get to go pour coffee for people I don't know. Don't wait up. (Exits) Fake Monica: Oh, by the way, tomorrow we're auditioning for a Broadway show.	no

 Monica: Nononononono. Think who you're dealing with here. I mean, I'm not like you. I-I can't even stand in front of a tap class. Fake Monica: Well, that's just probably 'cause of your Amish background.	no

 Monica: What? Fake Monica: Well, you're Pennsylvania Dutch, right?	no

 Joey: Phoebe. Whaddyou think a good stage name for me would be?	no

 Ross: He can hold a banana, if that's whatcha mean... Dr. Baldhara: How about a hammer, or a small blade?	no

 Ross: Why- why- why would he need a blade? Dr. Baldhara: Well, if he's up against a jungle cat or an animal with horns, you've got to give the little guy something. Otherwise it's just cruel. (Chandler and Joey burst in, with Marcel) Chandler and Joey: He- he- he got in, he- he got in to San Diego.	no

 Chandler: ...He's in.	no

 Ross: He's in! Oh, did you hear that, Marcel? San Diego. San Diego! Dr. Baldhara: You're making a big mistake here. I mean, San Diego's all well and good, but if you give him to me, I'll start him off against a blind rabbit and give you twenty percent of the gains.	no

 Monica: Water rules!	no

 Rachel: Yes, yes, it does. Okay, look, the restaurant called, they wanna know if you're gonna be showing up for work?	no

 Monica: How are you? Fake Monica: I'm not too bad. Fortunately, blue's my colour. How-how did you know I was here?	no

 Monica: No, thank you! You have given me so much! I mean, if it wasn't for you, I would never have gotten to sing Memories on the stage at the Wintergarden Theater! Fake Monica: Well, actually, you only got to sing 'Memo-'.	no

 Monica: Well, not... worried, just... wondering. Fake Monica: There's nothing to wonder about, Monica. You're gonna go back to being exactly who you were, because that's who you are.	no

 Chandler: Tell me what?	no

 Chandler: More importantly, was I any good?	no

 Chandler: Interesting, cause in my dreams, I'm allways surprisingly inadequate. (Monica pats him on his lap)	no

 Ross: I can't belive you two had sex in her dream.	no

 Phoebe: (with a deep voice) Mr. Bing's office. (Listens) No I'm sorry, he's in a meeting right now.	no

 Chandler: See, it pays to know the man who wears my shoes. (Joey and Ross wonder what he means) Me.	no

 Chandler: Noho. Who doesn't they like me?	no

 Phoebe: Don't feel bad. You know they used to like you a lot. But then you got promoted, and, you know, now you're like &quot;Mr. Boss Man&quot;. You know, Mr. Bing. Mr. Bing, &quot;Boss Man Bing&quot;. (Joey and Ross laughs)	no

 Chandler: That is so not... That is so not... That... Oh, shut up! (Phoebe, Joey and Ross laugh)	no

 Monica: Okay, is this like 'I have an early class tomorrow' or 'I'm secretly married to a goat?' Young Ethan: Well it's somewhere in between. You see, in a strictly technical sense, of course, I'm not uh..., well I, I mean I haven't ever uh...	no

 Rachel: All right, fine. Um, you were not the only one there. (Camera fades to Ross, who's listening very carefully) Joey was there too.	no

 Ross: You're sure? Nobody uh, handed out uh, mints or anything?	no

 Joey: So, tell me. Was it like you and Chandler, and then you and me, or you and me and Chandler?	no

 Rachel: (laughs) You know what?	no

 Phoebe: Ooh, oh, I've gotta go. (raises) Whoa, oh, head rush. One more, and then I have to go. (sits down, and then raises again) Cool!	no

 Chandler: You know, I don't get this. A month ago, these people were my friends. You know, just because I'm in charge doesn't mean I'm a different person.	no

 Phoebe: You know, now you're more like, you know like, &quot;Mr. Caring Boss,&quot; &quot;Mr.&quot;, you know, &quot;I'm one of you, Boss,&quot; &quot;Mr., I wanna be your buddy, Boss Man Bing!&quot;	no

 Ross: Oh, Carol and I have a new system. If she punches in 911, it means she's having a baby, otherwise I just ignore it.	no

 Rachel: (understands that Monica and Ethan wanna be alone) Hey, did you guys check out those new hand-dryers in the bathroom?	no

 Joey: They're here already? (Rachel, Ross and Ross go to the bathroom) Young Ethan: All right, look. I've gotta tell you something. I'm not 17. I only said so that you'd think I was cute and vunerable. I'm actually 30, I have a wife, I have a job, I'm your Congressman. Monica, this is ridiculous, we're great together. We can talk, we make each other laugh, and the sex. Oh, man, okay i have no frame of graft, but I thought that was great.	no

 Monica: This isn't easy for me either. I wish things were different, I... If you were a few years older, or if I was a few years younger, or if we lived in biblical times, I would really... Young Ethan: No, don't say it. (closes Monica's mouth with his hand)	no

 Joey: For the ride.	no

 Chandler: Yeah, like in a cab...	no

 Chandler: Okay, hating this.	no

 Monica: I can't belive it, I'm gonna be an aunt. I'm gonna have like a nephew.	no

 Ross: God, I don't believe this. She could be giving birth in the cab.	no

 Chandler: I used to have that bumper sticker. (Everyone is amused by Chandler's comment.)	no

 Chandler: (to Rachel) You see what I mean. Opening Credits	no

 Rachel: Hi, I thought you might like some ice chips.	no

 Phoebe: (singing) They're tiny and chubby and so sweet to touch, and soon they'll grow up and resent you so much. Now they're yelling at you and you don't know why, you cry and you cry and you cry. And you cry and you cry and you cry... (Ross gives Phoebe a dollar.)	no

 Phoebe: Thanks, Ross.	no

 Chandler: All right. I'll tell you what. When we're 40, if neither one of us are married, what do you say you and I get together and have one?	no

 Chandler: No, no, no.	no

 Ross: Breathe.	no

 Ross: Who the hell is Jordie?	no

 Carol: Ow, ow, ow, ow, leg cramp, leg cramp, leg cramp.	no

 Ross: But...	no

 Carol: Now go!	no

 Ross: You tryin' to be clever? A funny lady?	no

 Ross: Oh, I'm threatened by you?	no

 Phoebe: (singing) They found their bodies the very next day, they found their bodies the very next...(sees Ross and Susan staring at her) la la la la la la. Susan and Ross: (even louder) Help!	no

 Chandler: Mazel tov!	no

 Ross: Come on, come on. Damnit, damnit, damnit, damnit. (to Susan) This is all your fault. This is supposed to be, like, the greatest day of my life, y'know? My son is being born, and I should be in there, you know, instead of stuck in a closet with you.	no

 Nurse: All right, all right, there's a few too many people in this room, and there's about to be one more, so anybody who's not an ex-husband or a lesbian life partner, out you go!	no

 Ross: Kinda like my uncle Ed, covered in Jell-o.	no

 Ross: (thinking) How 'bout Ben?	no

 Chandler: I know, I still am one of these.	no

 Ross: No, this is pretty much it. (long moment of silence)	no

 Joey: Well... I'm helping out down at the N.Y.U. Med School with some... research.	no

 Chandler: He's a great guy, y'know? And he loves you a lot, you are a very lucky lady.	no

 Chandler: I&
 Phoebe: Thanks! Okay. (They sit down.)	no

 Phoebe: I really don't want to mess up what we have. I'm just&
 Gary: (suddenly happy) Really?!	no

 Joey: Oh yeah, that's right!	no

 Chandler: I'm not a dropper!	no

 Joey: Whoa-whoa you guys, it's not a cat!	no

 Rachel: (she's wearing an oven mitt to protect her hand) I give up you guys, I don't know what I'm going to do with this thing!	no

 Rachel: No Mon that's not the point. I'm out a thousand dollars, I'm all scratched up, and I'm stuck with this stupid cat that looks like a hand! (Storms out.) (Monica sneezes.)	no

 Phoebe: We're moving in together! Isn't it great! Yay!	no

 Rachel: Well, so then what are you doing to me? Okay? Just get out of here! All right? Move on! (Another woman approaches.) Woman No. 2: Wow! What an unusual cat!	no

 Rachel: Oh good, great! I'll-I'll keep that in mind. (Turns and walks away.)	no

 Phoebe: He shot a bird!	no

 Chandler: You guys wanna eat here?	no

 Monica: (To Rachel) Wow! It's really red! You should go see my eye doctor.	no

 Chandler: Oh, Richard. That's all I ever hear, Richard, Richard, Richard!	no

 Ross: Anytime anything comes close to touching her eye or anyone else's she like freaks out. Watch! Watch! (He takes his finger and moves it towards his eye.)	no

 Joey: Yeah, I got too excited! Opening Credits	no

 Phoebe: You wanna be on my list too? Keep talking! Has anyone seem my list by the way?	no

 Joey: Sure, what do you want to see?	no

 Rachel: All right, I'm outta here!	no

 Chandler: Yeah, listen, how cold is it going to be there? Do I need a coat or will all these sweater vests be enough? (Holds up 3 of them in different colors.) (Monica stares at him.)	no

 Monica: I love you. {There's another continuity error here. Before Monica says I love you, Chandler's holding the vests so that you couldn't see the collar, you could see all three, and they were folding nicely. After she says the line and the camera cuts back to Chandler, you can only see two out of the three, you can see the collar of the top one, and it looks like it was folded sloppily, unlike before. Hey, you notice things while spending this much time on this!}	no

 Chandler: I see, but once you get your first paycheck you'll be springing a big hotel suite, right? I mean, lead in a movie, they must be paying you a lot?	no

 Chandler: So you don't get paid unless the movie makes money?	no

 Ross: I just wanna say good-bye to you guys and to see if you guys will place a little bet for me, huh? Twenty bucks on black 15.	no

 Monica: I wanna say good-bye at the car!	no

 Joey: Anybody want to say good-bye to me at the car?	no

 Rachel: Oh honey, I'll say good-bye to you at the car if you don't mind the puss. (Pause.)	no

 Phoebe: Apology accepted.	no

 Phoebe: (quietly) Bye, fat ass.	no

 Phoebe: Oh no, I am mad at you. I know that much. But, I am sorry about the fat ass thing. You actually have a very sweet little hiney. (Ross isn't sure what to do with that comment.)	no

 Chandler: Too dry.	no

 Chandler: No!	no

 Chandler: I also said, &quot;Yes!&quot;	no

 Joey: I don't believe this!	no

 Chandler: They're not even paying ya! This doesn't even sound like a real movie!	no

 Chandler: Joe, I don't think this is going to be your big break.	no

 Rachel: Oh, did you beat him at a board game? He turns into such a baby when he starts to lose.	no

 Ross: Okay, I'm the baby. (Points at his eye.)	no

 Chandler: I don't know! He went crazy! Y'know, we were playing that game where you-you ask a question and you answer it really fast.	no

 Monica: What did you do to his sweater vests?	no

 Monica: Hey Joey! Aww, you remembered even though you're a big star!	no

 Joey: Uh, well yeah-yeah, I've got all of that going on. Yeah, listen uh, I want you to make sure you tell Chandler that he couldn't have been more wrong! Uh-oh! I gotta go Monica, my uh, my sushi's here! [Cut to Joey hanging up the phone in Vegas. He's wearing a Roman gladiator's uniform and goes over to join a family to pose for a picture. You see, he's apparently taken a job at Caesar's Palace.]	no

 Joey: (to the family) Sorry about that. Thanks for waitin'. The Husband: Okay!	no

 Joey: Everybody smile! (The picture is taken) Okay, thanks a lot! Enjoy your stay at Caesar's! We hope it's toga-rrific! (The family leaves.) Kill me. Kill me now. Ending Credits	no

 Joey: No! (She nods no to Chandler) Because he didn't believe in my movie! Which is a big mistake because it is real! Real! A Casino Boss: Hey! Tribbiani! Get back to work! Break time's over! [Cut to Phoebe]	no

 Chandler: Forgive me? You haven't been taking my calls in a week! [Cut to Joey]	no

 Joey: Well, I'm totally over it Chandler. Friends forever! Don't come out here! A Tourist: (To Joey) Would you mind doing a picture with us? [Cut to Chandler]	no

 Joey: Uh, Entertainment Tonight. [Cut to Chandler] Yeah, okay so, good talking to ya and don't come out here. All right. (Hangs up the phone and poses for that picture.) Opening Credits	no

 Phoebe: That is so weird! I had a dream that you'd have lunch with Richard.	no

 Chandler: I know. Can you believe it? One year ago today I was just your annoying friend Chandler.	no

 Monica: I got you a present!	no

 Chandler: Do we have to?	no

 Monica: Oh, he just doesn't want us to go through any trouble. Think of how excited he'll be when we go out and surprise him! Plus we get to have our own, ani-Vegas-ary! A-Nevadaversary!	no

 Phoebe: Oh please, you are not gonna ditch again like you did with London.	no

 Ross: Is that supposed to be an insult?	no

 Chandler: (To Monica) Happy plane-aversary.	no

 Chandler: Can I give you a present now?	no

 Chandler: How do you feel about the, &quot;I really did forgot the present, please forgive me&quot; not fake out?	no

 Chandler: Oh yeah! Yeah, so you-you bumped into Richard! You grabbed a bite! It's no big deal. (He still ain't happy.)	no

 Rachel: (takes off her robe) Oh! Look what happened! {Don't get your hopes up guys, we only get to see her from the back or from the neck up. Its times like these I wish that the networks would broadcast some nudity other than Denis Franz's butt.} (In her head.) Huh, check me out! I'm in my kitchen&
 Ross: Oh so-so you weren't trying to entice me just now with your-your nakedness?	no

 Ross: You weren't trying to entice me with your nakedness.	no

 Ross: No! No! (Grabs his coat) No! (Grabs a shoe.) No-no-no-no. (Grabs the other one and heads for the door.)	no

 Monica: I'm so sorry.	no

 Chandler: No! Her boyfriend Richard!	no

 Monica: I promise you, next time I will absolutely tell you.	no

 Chandler: There's not gonna be a next time! You can not ever see him again!	no

 Chandler: That's so funny, because I think I just did!	no

 Chandler: Fine with me!	no

 Rachel: I'm sorry. I'm done. I'm done.	no

 Rachel: No, not really. I mean you've seen me naked hundreds of times.	no

 Chandler: Good luck!	no

 Joey: Chandler! I don't need luck. I have thought this through!	no

 Phoebe: So go fix it! Go find Chandler! He's probably up in your room! Tell him that you're sorry and that you love him.	no

 Joey: Hit me! (He does so.) Ohh man! (Joey busts and loses all the money, but when the dealer starts to collect the cards Joey notices something.) Wait! (He holds his hand next to the dealer's hand.) [Cut to Chandler's room, Joey is relaying to Chandler his amazing discovery.]	no

 Phoebe: But she just came up here!	no

 Chandler: Yeah, well, she's probably talking to Richard.	no

 Rachel: Hello! (She makes a face and the kid laughs harder. Finally, his parents drag him off.) Ohh, kids love me.	no

 Joey: No, don't be sorry. I don't need it anymore. I found my identical hand twin!	no

 Chandler: Come on! I was there! (He's propped up with his hand on a statute of a naked guy. He winces and pulls his hand away.) I know he's the love of your life.	no

 Rachel: What?! What else did he say?	no

 Ross: Look, just because some idiot drew on your face doesn't mean you shouldn't have any fun! Okay? And besides, hey-hey-hey no one is even gonna look at you. Okay? This is Vegas! Hello! There are tons of other freaks here! (Rachel turns around and glares at him.) There are tons&
 Chandler: (arm-in-arm with Monica) Hey Pheebs!	no

 Chandler: Yeah, she couldn't live without the Chan Love. (They start kissing.)	no

 Joey: (following him) But you haven't even heard the chorus!	no

 Chandler: Yes! I've-I've never seen a roll like this in my life!	no

 All: Yay!! The Croupier: 8!	no

 All: Yay!!	no

 Monica: Hard 8?! We should call it easy 8!	no

 All: Roll-roll!!	no

 Chandler: Okay, so if an eight comes up, we take it as a sign and we do it! {Whoa! Where have I heard that before? Matthew Perry talking about signs in Las Vegas. I guess it must've been some movie I saw.} What do you say?	no

 Chandler: It's a four.	no

 Phoebe: Yeah, from now on everyone you lurk, I'm gonna lurk first! You move on to someone else, I'm gonna be one step ahead of you, every single time! And then I'll be on your ass every hour of every day 'til Monday, because that's when I go home. When do you leave? The Lurker: Also Monday.	no

 Joey: Hi!	no

 Joey: Look-look-look you guys, I need some help! Okay? Someone is going to have to convince my hand twin to cooperate!	no

 Rachel: Okay, y'know what? There's only one way I'm leaving this hotel room. [Cut to the casino, a very drunk and doodled on Rachel is walking arm in arm with an equally drunk and doodled on Ross are walking through the casino and greeting people on their way through. Ross has some whiskers and his nose colored in, along with his name on his forehead.]	no

 Rachel: Good luck to ya!	no

 Phoebe: Fine! Here! Take a hike toots! (Gives back her quarter.) (The security guard approaches.) The Lurker: (to the guard) Excuse me, sir! This lady played my quarter, this is my money. (Motions to the jackpot.) The Security Guard: (To Phoebe) Is that true miss?	no

 Phoebe: How about we talk about this over dinner? The Security Guard: Okay lady, you're out of here.	no

 Chandler: Let's go! (Starts to leave.)	no

 Chandler: Ohh, great, I have condom in my wallet I've had since I was twelve.	no

 Joey: (throws down a small wad of money, and as his hand twin starts to unfold it, Joey once again brings attention to their special gift to the world. {Y'know, looking at it now, they really don't have that similar of hands. Joey's are bigger.}) Ooh-ho-ho! (The dealer stares at him and he stops.)	no

 Monica: No, only because that's the graduation song. (The real Wedding March begins playing from behind the closed doors of the chapel.)	no

 Ross: Well, hello, Mrs. Ross! (Throws some rice.)	no

 Ross: Well, hello, Mrs. Ross! (Throws some rice.)	no

 Rachel: Well, hello, Mr. Rachel! (Throws some more rice.) (They storm out into the street.)	no

 Chandler: Oh my God!! Is everybody getting married?!! (Phoebe and Joey run back out and head towards the street.)	no

 Chandler: What?!	no

 Rachel: Oh! I remember laughing! I laughed a lot.	no

 Rachel: Ohh, I mean, we were really drunk. I&
 Joey: It&
 Joey: Oh my God! That&
 Chandler: (not quite sure) You did.	no

 Monica: That&
 Monica: All right, eight we get married, but 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 9, 10, 11, 12 we don&
 Chandler: Sounds great.	no

 Chandler: Ready!	no

 Croupler: Eight! Easy eight. (She rolls a 3 and a 5 and they&
 Chandler: That was so unlikely. Well, let&
 Phoebe: Yeah! And until then you are going to sing to me because the radio&
 Joey: (to himself) Man, this is a long drive! Are my eyes open? No! (He opens his eyes and sees a hitchhiker.) [Time lapse, Phoebe is still asleep only Joey is now passed out next to her and the car&
 Ross: I&
 Rachel: Okay, see now I&
 Chandler: I&
 Rachel: (thinks about it for a second) No! Ross, come on! No! Listen, look I thought a lot about how to tell you this and the bottom line, Ross, is we can not stay married.	no

 Monica: Then you&
 Chandler: Okay!!!!! (And the crowd goes wild! Well, at least the live studio audience.)	no

 Chandler: Oh thanks.	no

 Chandler: I love you!	no

 Ross: Oh, yeah, no problems. It&
 Rachel: Oh but Phoebe, we&
 Rachel: Noooooooo!! Opening Credits {Transciber&
 Joey: (To Chandler)&nbsp;Hey man, you feeling any better? (Chandler answers him with some guttural sounds that only he can make and that no human can transcribe.)	no

 Chandler: No-o-o! (To Monica) No? (She nods no.) No-o-o! Look Joey, here&
 Joey: Wow! (Tearing up) Well, uh&
 Chandler: Look, I-I&
 Phoebe: Ooh! That&
 Phoebe: Okay, so what do you think ladies? Who wouldn&
 Chandler: I am now!	no

 Rachel: (laughs) Oh my God! Oh, that&
 Chandler: Not once did we do that.	no

 Monica: I mean, all I&
 Russell: So that&
 Ross: Easy.	no

 Ross: Uh-ha, what about someone who looks like Rachel? (Russell glares at him.) I will think about the therapy.	no

 Rachel: Wow! Mon, thanks! I love this plate!	no

 Phoebe: I&
 Ross: Of course. (Ross suddenly realizes something.) Ending Credits	no

 Phoebe: But then we ditch those two and that&
 Phoebe: Ah-ha! A classic sign of love, the hug!	no

 Chandler: Which is why Asteroids is perfect! It&
 Ross: Okay, there&
 Chandler: Ohh.	no

 Chandler: We don&
 Chandler: Yeah, I mean we&
 Monica: See now-now you&
 Joey: (exiting from Chandler&
 Ross: (stopping them) Okay-okay! Two very good points, look I&
 Ross: (jumping up) Good! A verbal contract is binding in the state of New York! (Storms out.)	no

 Rachel: Oh wow.	no

 Ross: Good! Me neither! So it&
 Chandler: Of course!	no

 Monica: Okay!	no

 Chandler: Y&
 Chandler: Really?!	no

 Joey: That&
 Joey: Very good! Okay. G. The Potential Roommate: String?	no

 Chandler: Oh, what&
 Chandler: What?!	no

 Joey: I can&
 Ross: Hey uh, well, today&
 All: Oh that&
 All: Ohh! We&
 Chandler: (opens and reads it) &quot;Benefits lapsed.&quot;	no

 Joey: Hmm that&
 Chandler: Okay, it&
 Rachel: Oh yeah, they&
 Ross: I knew all I had to do was let the material speak for itself. Everyone&
 Joey: (in obvious pain) Hey! So Estelle lined up a bunch of auditions for me tomorrow and I&
 Chandler: What&
 Chandler: This sounds like a hernia. You have to&
 Rachel: Well, we&
 Ross: Look, I was nervous! You guys had me all worried I was going to be boring! I got up there and they were all like staring at me. I opened my mouth and this British accent just came out.	no

 Rachel: (in an Indian accent) Yes, yes, Bombay is bery, bery nice time of year.	no

 Joey: Dude! Hernia operations cost like, a lot probably. Besides it&
 Joey: Thank you, but it would take me forever to pay you that money back and I don&
 Rachel: Yeah that seems fair. We never use them.	no

 Monica: Why don&
 Phoebe: Because my psychic is dead! She must&
 Chandler: I&
 Ross: (in his head) All right, keep going. We are phasing the accent out, phasing it out. So without out re-testing the results in the laboratory (pronounced the British way) the team would never have identified (British) the initial errors in their carbon dating analysis (British). Were there any questions at this point? (One student raises his hand.) Yes. (Points to him.) A Student: What&
 Ross: (in the accent again) Well, hello Rachel! Ending Credits	no

 Monica: You&
 Monica: Come on Chandler, come on! It&
 Rachel: That would be great! Wait, how long is Denise gone for?	no

 Chandler: Little baby girl Chandler, where I have heard that before? Oh right, Coach Ruben. (Tries to get her to drink a little more from the bottle when he suddenly smells something. It&
 Chandler: See that&
 Phoebe: That sounds really great, but maybe you should be in charge of wiping.	no

 Monica: This is so great! This is exactly how we set the plates at the restaurant.	no

 Monica: Good. What made you change your mind?	no

 Judge: Now it also says here that you lied about your sexual preference before marriage?	no

 Judge: And finally that you were unable to consummate the marriage. Well, that makes sense since you&
 Judge: Well, based on what I heard, you two certainly don&
 Judge: You need to get out of my chambers.	no

 Joey: Of course! Only an idiot would wear this stuff if you didn&
 Phoebe: But you-you can&
 Chandler: I think that&
 Phoebe: Me taking care of you is no problem, huh? You guys feel safe. Right? Okay, I&
 Ross: I picked up the divorce papers. Uh, I&
 Rachel: Hey! Wait a minute! That was different! I did those things because I was in love with you!	no

 Woman: (the same one from before approaches) Hi Joey.	no

 Chandler: First of the month.	no

 Joey: No-no! No way! Joey Tribbiani does not take charity&
 Chandler: Uh, yeah. (Joey runs over and shuts off the lights.)	no

 Chandler: No, I hope not! I tried to offer him some money, but he wouldn&
 Rachel: Of course I packed! Monica relax! I just wanted to ask Phoebe her opinion on what I should wear tonight.	no

 Monica: All right, Chandler can make boxes, Ross can wrap, and Joey can lift things. Now Phoebe, go tell the guys they have to help out!	no

 Monica: (entering and interrupting the guy&
 Chandler: Say, Joe, I had a strange idea of what we could do for our last night. What do you say we play a little uh, foosball for money?	no

 Rachel: Uh well, I guess I&
 Chandler: Oh yes!	no

 Joey: Okay, here we go. Ready? [In slow motion, as some haunty demonic music plays in the background, Joey throws the ball in, Chandler quits playing and goes for his Chinese food. Joey smacks the ball really hard, shooting it down the table. Chandler slowly takes a bite, the ball bounces off of the wall, heads back up the table, and scores the goal for Chandler.]	no

 Chandler: Cups.	no

 Joey: I don&
 Chandler: Ho-ho, you win! 50 dollars!	no

 Joey: Damn! I am good at Cups!	no

 Monica: How about, you&
 Chandler: Not 700 exactly?	no

 Rachel: Oh, it&
 Chandler: Wh-How did you lose at Cups?!	no

 Chandler: Oh man!!	no

 Chandler: All right, let&
 Joey: No, no, no more! I cannot lose another dime! I&
 Chandler: Hmm, let&
 Rachel: Phoebe, come on that's silly.	no

 Monica: It's nice to meet you. Janine...?	no

 Monica: Joey, did you even interview this woman before you asked her to move in?	no

 Monica: Uh-huh, what exactly did you ask her?	no

 Monica: Yeah and you better watch the flirting too, cause you know, in such close quarters, it could be trouble.	no

 Monica: (chuckles) Hmm, well you're around me all the time and you don't flirt.	no

 Monica: Did you also have his album, It's Not Easy Being Green?	no

 Chandler: No, she's not okay? And I'll prove it to you. I'm gonna call her right now. (Picks up the phone and wipes it off) Phone's done ehh.	no

 Monica: It's worse. The only thing that's getting me through is knowing that I'm gonna be seeing you soon. I think I may even try to get out of here early.	no

 Chandler: No! No-no-no-no-no-no. It sounds like they really need you down there.	no

 Chandler: OK well here, we'll just move the coffee table closer to the couch.	no

 Chandler: Yes, but the coffee table doesn't match the...blahebdmsdlkhdyslkd;btyds...Rooosss!!!!	no

 Chandler: Yeah, Monica doesn't like that either, Maybe I should stop doing that.	no

 Ross: They don't like it when you keep asking them if they like you.	no

 Ross: (nonchalantly) I'm never gonna find love again.	no

 Chandler: (blocks the door) No-no-no-no-no-no-no-no!!! You can't come in here! R-r-r-r-Ross is naked.	no

 Chandler: (to Ross) I couldn't say that I was naked because she's allowed too see me naked.	no

 Ross: Why does anyone have to be naked?	no

 Chandler: Bye! Thank God	no

 Phoebe: See? And you don't care if people are staring, it's just for a second cause then you're gone!	no

 Chandler: Ohh, yeah.	no

 Chandler: That&
 Chandler: Yeah let&
 Rachel: Oh my God. Did you talk to him?	no

 Phoebe: Yeah a little. He seems really nice. Good kisser.	no

 Monica: What happened to your teeth.	no

 Chandler: What???	no

 Rachel: I-I don&
 Hillary: I&
 Joey: So what&
 Chandler: You&
 Chandler: You&
 Rachel: I did but she doesn&
 Phoebe: Well, hey, what if Kenny were the real brains behind the whole company? You know. What if Kenny hired that Ralph Lauren guy to be the pretty front man? Huh, did she ever think of that?	no

 Rachel: I&
 Hillary: You know, I rarely connect with someone this much on the first date.	no

 Ross: Mmm-Hmm. (Picking up their wine glasses.)	no

 Ross: (Looking at the posters.) Wow, cool poster. Or should I say groovy poster? (They sit down on the couch. Ross smiles and the black light fluoresces his teeth.) So, ahh, where were we?	no

 Hillary: Are those your teeth??	no

 Rachel: (Faking crying.) Yeah, he dumped me. He said, &quot;Rachel, I can&
 Shelley: Question. You're not dating anybody, are you, because I met somebody who would be perfect for you.	no

 Chandler: You did?	no

 Chandler: You're kidding! Did you tell her I wasn't?	no

 Phoebe: Hm, I mean maybe no-one ever really goes. Ever since my mom died, every now and then, I get the feeling that she's like right here, y'know? (She circles her hand around her right shoulder. Chandler, sitting on her right, draws back nervously) Oh! And Debbie, my best friend from junior high- got struck by lightning on a miniature golf course- I always get this really strong Debbie vibe whenever I use one of those little yellow pencils, y'know? ...I miss her.	no

 Joey: Now, see, I don't believe any of that. I think once you're dead, you're dead! You're gone! You're worm food! (realises his tactlessness) ...So Chandler looks gay, huh?	no

 Monica: That's probably what they'll say. Mr. Geller: I'd like that.	no

 Chandler: Lowell? Financial Services' Lowell, that's who you saw me with?	no

 Shelley: Well, I think Brian's a little out of your league.	no

 Chandler: Well, don't we look nice all dressed up?...It's stuff like that, isn't it? (They all leave.)	no

 Chandler: You're watching a football game at a funeral?	no

 Monica: That sounds like Nana. Mrs. Geller: Do you know what it's like to grow up with someone who is critical of every single thing you say?	no

 Monica: ...I can imagine. Mrs. Geller: I'm telling you, it's a wonder your mother turned out to be the positive, life-affirming person that she is.	no

 Monica: How she drove you crazy, picking on every little detail, like your hair... for example. Mrs. Geller: I'm not sure I know what you're getting at.	no

 Monica: Huh. Mrs. Geller: More wine, dear?	no

 Chandler: Who are those people?	no

 Rachel: Ok, I, I hear what you're sayin'. I'm with you. Um, but I, but I'm trying really hard. And I think I'm doing better. I really do. Does anybody need coffee? (everyone in the place raises their hand) Oh, look at that. Opening Credits	no

 Ross: Ok. (browsing the apartment) Wow, you guys sure have a lot of books about bein' a lesbian.	no

 Phoebe: Oh, I believe it. I think the baby can totally hear everything. I can show you. Look, this will seem a little weird, but you put your head inside this turkey, and then we'll all talk, and you'll hear everything we say.	no

 Chandler: Yes. It's very difficult to appreciate a Thanksgiving dinner once you've seen it in reverse.	no

 Joey: I'm serious. You're amazing. You know when to spritz, when to lay back.	no

 Girl: (provocatively) Nothing.	no

 Chandler: Tonight, on a very special Blossom. Commercial Break	no

 Phoebe: Look out, incoming pumpkin pie!	no

 Monica: What, Phoebe, did you whip the potatoes? Ross needs lumps!	no

 Phoebe: Well, 'cause then they'd be like my mom used to make them, you know, before she died.	no

 Rachel: Ok, good-bye you guys. Thanks for everything. (she starts to leave, and hits everyone with her skis) Oh, sorry! Oh, sorry! (Chandler enters, running.)	no

 Ross: (quickly talking) Hello, baby. Hello, hello.	no

 Rachel: Yes, you do. When we left, you said, &quot;got the keys.&quot;	no

 Susan: Keep singing! Keep singing!	no

 Monica: Oh, really? So why was I busting my ass to make this delicious Thanksgiving dinner?	no

 Phoebe: Ooh.	no

 Joey: Oh, I will.	no

 Chandler: Hey, that monkey's got a Ross on its ass!	no

 Phoebe: So you guys, I'm doing all new material tonight. I have twelve new songs about my mother's suicide, and one about a snowman.	no

 Chandler: Y'know, I was hoping for a little more enthusiasm.	no

 Rachel: (Into microphone) Okay, hi. Ladies and gentlemen, back by popular demand, Miss Phoebe Buffay. Wooh!	no

 David: Daryl Hannah was the most beautiful woman that he'd ever seen in his life and I said yeah, I liked her in Splash, a lot, but not so much in- in Wall Street, I thought she had kind of a	no

 Phoebe: Me too! Oh! Did you ever see An Officer and a Gentleman?	no

 Chandler: Wait a minute, wait a minute, I see where this is going, you're gonna ask him to New Year's, aren't you. You're gonna break the pact. She's gonna break the pact.	no

 Chandler: Yeah, 'cause I already asked Janice.	no

 Chandler: I'm not saying it was a good idea, I'm saying I snapped! [Joey enters, his shoes have bells on, which jingle as he walks. He is wearing a long coat.]	no

 Joey: Nice shoes, huh? (He wiggles his foot and the bells tinkle)	no

 Monica: Do you always have to bring him here?	no

 Chandler: Okay. (They start playing.)	no

 Danny: Thanks, see you at the party.	no

 Larry: Hey, buddy! (Flashes his badge.) Are you familiar with Section 11-B of the Health Code that requires all refuse material out the back exit?	no

 Danny: Oh wow, you look great! Glad you could make it.	no

 Danny: Don't go anywhere, I'll be right back. (He heads off.)	no

 Ross: So I'm a pimp huh? It's okay! Look, I know that sometimes I can be a pain in the ass, but you just have to talk to me. Tell me if something is bothering you. Okay? And for my part I will do everything I can to keep my annoying habits just (Does the 'quiet down' maneuver). (Chandler and Joey smile, but when Ross turns away look at each other with looks of horror.) Ending Credits	no

 Rachel: Oh Monica that was the best Thanksgiving dinner ever! I think you killed us.	no

 Joey: Ooh-ooh, I! I am thankful for this beautiful fall we've been having.	no

 Rachel: Oh, you're not gonna tell the whole story about how your parents got divorced again are you?	no

 Phoebe: Oh my God! Monica's gonna totally freak out!	no

 Joey: Hey, I wasn't the only one who looked like an idiot. All right? Remember when Ross tried to say, &quot;Butternut squash?&quot; And it came out, &quot;Squatternut buash?&quot;	no

 Chandler: No, it's not that, I just don't want to be stuck here all night with your fat sister.	no

 Rachel: Actually, y'know that's not the Thanksgiving I was talking about.	no

 Chandler: Sorry! Mrs. Geller: Yes, yes Monica is thin. It's wonderful. But what we really want to hear about is Ross's new girlfriend.	no

 Rachel: Okay, oh, here's what you do. Just act like everything around you turns you on.	no

 Monica: Oh yes! I have it right here, on ice! (She takes a bag of ice out of her purse and hands it to the doctor.) The Doctor: (opening it) Don't worry son, we'll just attach it and&
 Chandler: What? The Doctor: This isn't your toe, this is a small, very cold piece of carrot.	no

 Chandler: Well, yeah actually.	no

 Phoebe: Okay, this will keep them away from your stuff. (Writes him a note and the gang reads it.)	no

 Chandler: No-no, wait! There's got to be a better explanation. You can tell them you had to make an adult film for your (Thinks) adult film class.	no

 Rachel: Uh, thank you Phoebe. Umm, well, what struck me most when reading Jane Eyre was uh, how the book was so ahead of its time. The Teacher: If you're talking about feminism, I think you're right.	no

 Chandler: Which I may say, right now, is out of control.	no

 Monica: Wait a minute, they're making you take time off work?	no

 Rachel: You get away from me!! You sick, sick, sick, sick-o!!	no

 Ross: (covering his eyes) Dude! That's my sister! (She shows the rest of the gang.)	no

 Monica: Yes you are! That's the only way to explain all this stuff!	no

 Rachel: Monica, is this true?	no

 Ross: Because I am bored...Out of my mind. I&
 Chandler: Leave me alone! For the love of God, leave me alone!!! (Joey hangs up.)	no

 Phoebe: Ohh, you and your ways. (She shakes the bell at him and sits down.) Since it&
 Danny: Well, of course.	no

 Ross: I'm sorry, man. Hey, y'know what you should do? You should make something happen for yourself. Y'know, like-like write a play. Write a movie! Huh? I mean, what about those Good Will Hunting guys?	no

 Joey: Come on Ross be realistic, y'know? If I did write something, what are the chances I could get those guys to star in it? (Ross just stares at him until he figures it out.)	no

 Ross: I'll help you. Yeah, I'll make up a schedule and make sure you stick to it. And plus, it'll give me something to do.	no

 Ross: (grabbing a notepad and sitting down) All right, we'll start off slow. The only thing you have to do tonight is come up with the name of your main character.	no

 Joey: (disappointed) Oh.	no

 Chandler: Well, so, play for the next 30 minutes and then write until he gets home.	no

 Joey: You're right, you're right, I'll get back to work.	no

 Danny: I'd love to ask you in, but uh, my sister's visiting and I think she's asleep on the couch.	no

 Danny: Oh hey, great, you're up. Rachel, this is my sister Krista. Krista, this is Rachel.	no

 Monica: (laughing with Ross) We don't, we don't wrestle now.	no

 Chandler: (To Ross) Why don't you cut him a little slack? Okay? Maybe if he relaxes a little bit, he'll get some work done.	no

 Chandler: I paid for those tickets!	no

 Chandler: Oh yeah! (Makes an unintelligible taunting sound.)	no

 Danny: Oh, damn! I got it on my pants.	no

 Phoebe: Fine. (She hands her bell to Ginger and starts to take down her signs.) (The same old lady walks by again.) All right, I'll give you one pointer. Look out for that bitch. (The old lady.)	no

 Rachel: Umm, you-you and your sister seem to have umm, a very special bond, and&
 Rachel: No-no, they're not very nice people.	no

 Chandler: Great! Now, we can go to the Ranger game! (Pause) Last night!	no

 Ross: I guess when you don't have so many distractions, it's easier for you to focus. Huh?	no

 Ross: Maybe it was both of us, but we had our best friend's interest&
 All: (watching the ball drop) 3! 2! 1! HAPPY NEW YEAR!! (And with that everyone starts playing tonsil hockey. Chandler with Monica, Ross with Phoebe, and Joey with Rachel.)	no

 Chandler: No. No, I just think that maybe I-I'd heard it somewhere before. (Sits down rubbing his temple.)	no

 Joey: Well, everyone will enjoy my music as well. (Does a chord and Monica starts taking pictures of him and Phoebe. They both start to strike a pose with the excessive amount of pictures that Monica takes.)	no

 Rachel: (entering, singing) &quot;Baddest man in the whole damn town.&quot;	no

 Ross: No, I-I got really hot in my leather pants so I took them off but they must have shrunk from the-the sweat or-or-or my legs expanded from the heat. Look, I-I can't put them back on. I can't!	no

 Joey: I'm not listening to you! (Chandler seeing that Joey has his eyes closed sneaks over and picks up the chicken. The chicken starts flapping it's wings in protest as Chandler holds the chicken inches from Joey's face. Joey stops yelling and upon opening his eyes sees the chicken, screams, and falls to the ground in horror.)	no

 Monica: We heard about your pants, I'm so sorry.	no

 Ross: This year was supposed to be great! But, it's only the second day and I'm a loser with stupid leather pants that don't even fit!	no

 Ross: Oh, be-because of the leather pants.	no

 Monica: See? Ben doesn't think you're a loser, he thinks you're a cowboy! Now that's something. (All at once.)	no

 Chandler: Oh yeah, me too. Y'know if this shirt is dirty. (Smells it.) Yep. (They both exit.)	no

 Rachel: No! (Gets up to leave.) (Under her breath.) If there was I wouldn't tell you.	no

 Chandler: You're not even giving them a chance!	no

 Chandler: Long! (Gives Monica the Work Laugh.)	no

 Chandler: If we hadn't lost the game they never would've invented us to dinner tomorrow night.	no

 Joey: That's right, he almost could. Which is exactly how I got stuck there. (Ross enters.)	no

 Monica: Oh my God! (She goes to hug him, stops short, and hits him on the shoulder.) Where the hell have you been?!!	no

 Rachel: Well, I wouldn't know because I got so freaked out that I hung up the phone.	no

 Ross: Y'know what? It sounds so weird to say this but, I just had a great day with Janice! (They both turn around.)	no

 Chandler: Well, I-I just didn't think it was funny sir.	no

 Chandler: (from his bedroom) All right, so you're telling me that I have to tell racist jokes now?!	no

 Monica: Y'know when I said to you earlier that I was at work umm, I'm at my new work.	no

 Ross: Let-let me make sure I'm hearing this right, you're ending this with me because I'm too whiney? (Janice makes an agreeing sound.) So you're saying, I've become so whiney that I annoy you, Janice.	no

 Ross: Well, because y'know there are certain rules about this kind of stuff. You don't uh, you don't fool around with your uh, friend's ex-girlfriends or possible girlfriends or girls they're related to.	no

 Joey: Whoa, dude, look out! You almost crushed my hat! (He picks a hat up from the floor. It's one of those magician stovepipe hats.)	no

 Phoebe: Hey! Umm, well, only okay because I just got back from, from the hospital. (All at once.)	no

 Rachel: Okay now Joey, y'know that since you're returning all of this stuff right after the audition you're gonna have to wear underwear?	no

 Phoebe: No you didn't!	no

 Phoebe: Come on, you saw the way he ran out of here! What do you think? He's gonna stick around and talk to the daughter he abandoned!	no

 Joey: Y'know what? Make fun all you want. This is a great bag! Okay? And it's as handy as it is becoming. Now, just because you don't understand something, doesn't make it wrong. All right? So from now on you guys are gonna have to get used to the fact that Joey, (pats the bag) comes with a bag! (Exits.)	no

 Monica: (indignant) I give good massages! (Ross laughs.) I used to give them to Rachel all the time before she got allergic! And-and-and Chandler loves them! Watch! (She starts giving Chandler a massage.)	no

 Monica: But the minute we start to lie to each other&
 Phoebe: Hmm, okay, total abandonment. Okay, reasons for abandonment, A. Top secret government work, B. Amnesia, or C. Or you're just a selfish, irresponsible bad, bad man? Frank Sr.: Y'know, I don't think I want the lipstick that much. (Gets up to leave.) But umm&
 Phoebe: Y'know what, it doesn&
 Phoebe: That's a defense? Frank Sr.: Yes. Yes it is. I burned the formula and I put your diapers on backwards. I mean, I made up a song to sing you to sleep, but that made you cry even more!	no

 Rachel: Honey wait, Joey, I&
 Phoebe: Or, we could not tell them we know and have a little fun of our own.	no

 Chandler: Phoebe, it's me. You can tell me anything.	no

 Chandler: Okay, so now do you believe that she's attracted to me?	no

 Monica: Phoebe knows and she's just trying to freak us out! That's the only explanation for it!	no

 Monica: Oh man, they think they are so slick messing with us! But see they don't know that we know that they know! So&
 Rachel: You should find out what his hobbies are and then use that to bond with him. Yeah! Like if I would strike up a conversation about say umm, sandwiches. Or uh, or my underwear.	no

 Phoebe: No!	no

 Phoebe: Maybe, maybe I'll dance for you. (She starts doing a rather suggestive and seductive dance that's silly at the same time.)	no

 Phoebe: Thanks! Y'know, that when you say things like that it makes me wanna rip that sweater vest right off!	no

 Chandler: Well, why don't we move this into the bedroom?	no

 Monica: Well actually, Ross doesn't.	no

 Chandler: Yes, and we'd appreciate it if no one told him yet. (Joey suddenly gets very angry.) Ending Credits	no

 Ross: A new place for a new Ross. I'm gonna have you and all the guys from work over once it's y'know, furnished. Dr. Ledbetter: I must say it's nice to see you back on your feet.	no

 Chandler: Well, I think, I think Ross knows about me and Monica.	no

 Ross: &
 Chandler: Very, very funny, but don't say things like that in front of Monica. I don't want you putting any ideas in her head.	no

 Joey: (sets the coffee down) Y'know, breadstick fangs are always funny.	no

 Chandler: Hmm.	no

 Chandler: I'm just hanging out. Y'know, having fun. Y'know with the girl that I'm seeing casually.	no

 Monica: I'm still not done not wanting to talk to you.	no

 Phoebe: Oh, I was telling them about you and Emily. Y'know, try to get some sympathy.	no

 Chandler: I don't know. But I know I'm not afraid to do this.	no

 Chandler: Yeah, I'm kinda wishing everyone wasn't here right now.	no

 Monica: Honey! Do you know that none of that stuff came from me?! I mean I never said I wanted to have babies and get married right now!	no

 Ross: Yeah, but still, cheap shot!	no

 Ross: No, I will not!	no

 Chandler: That's not funny.	no

 Monica: I'm sorry, I'll give it back to you.	no

 Rachel: Ross, didn't you say that there was an elevator in here?	no

 Ross: Uhh, yes I did but there isn't. Okay, here we go. (They start the attempt. Ross is going backwards and reaches the first landing. This staircase has three steps then a landing, makes a 90-degree turn, and has more steps before another landing and another 90-degree turn.)	no

 Phoebe: You could get arrested, right now! (Flashes the badge and they glare at her.) All right, yeah, I gotta take it back. I'm totally drunk with power. (She heads for the door just as Joey enters.)	no

 Monica: Wait, Joey! Joey! That doesn&
 Monica: Well sure! I'm just wearing sweats! (Looking at Chandler and slowly realizing what his point is.) But that's good that you're not in love with me, because you just want a girlfriend!	no

 Joey: (in a sexy voice) How you doin'? (Rachel is stunned.) Commercial Break	no

 Phoebe: I'm in vice. Yeah, in fact I'm undercover right now. I'm a whore.	no

 Phoebe: I-I sure will, take care. (Starts walking off.)	no

 Rachel: (laughing) What are you saying?	no

 Rachel: (laughs and pushes the chair back in) Yeah, well, y'know umm&
 Chandler: Yeah.	no

 Chandler: (straining) Okay.	no

 Joey: Yeah, yeah, I met this woman. (Starts for his room.)	no

 Chandler: Ooh, I do! I do! I do! (They all walk over to get a slice.)	no

 Joey: (taking a bite) Oh, great! Can you believe I found it on the second floor? (They all throw their pieces back as there is a knock on the door.)	no

 Phoebe: Well, if I'm going down, I'm taking you (Points at all of them) with me. (They all look at her.) Harboring a fugitive? That's one to three years minimum. Good luck Chandler. (She opens the door to the cop from before.) Okay, you can arrest me. Fine. But you'll never make it stick and you know it!	no

 Phoebe: Yep! As long as you understand that I'm going to call my lawyer and once he puts you on the stand he'll make you look like a fool. A fool!	no

 Phoebe: Umm, yeah, I'd like to go out with you officer&
 All: Congratulations! Ohh, that's great!	no

 Joey: Boy, that guy's underwear sucks!	no

 Joey: Nope. Op, wait! There he goes. (We see Ross through the window and he acts like a swimmer that gets attacked by a shark, picture one of the many, many, many Jaws movies they made and you get the idea.)	no

 Joey: But I counted, you're not supposed to live here! Oh man! (Runs away.)	no

 Monica: Oh no, it is okay, I mean as long as you know that Chandler and I are also very hot and fiery, just as hot as you! I mean our flame, whew, is on fire!	no

 Rachel: Ugh, it was horrible! And-and the interview part went so well, y'know? I even made him laugh. He said something about a boat and I was like, &quot;Well, yeah! If you've got enough life jackets!&quot; (She starts laughing; Chandler and Joey are not amused.) Trust me, it was actually, it was very funny. Anyway, so we were saying good-bye and ugh!	no

 Joey: (Looking around) Uhh do you happen to have a hot girl in there? The Old Man: No. I'm all alone.	no

 Joey: Yeah. Sorry about that. (He walks away and knocks on the next door which is answered by a little girl.) Oh, hey little girl. Uhh, is-is your mommy, or sister, or babysitter by any chance a hot girl? The Little Girl: Daddy!!	no

 Monica: (That annoying competitiveness thing kicks in again, what the heck is that with her and why must the writers show it every flippin' episode?!) Oh, we're not seeing a movie!	no

 Monica: Okay. (They walk away to get some privacy.) We have got to beat them! {Here we go yet again.}	no

 Monica: Phoebe and Gary are so gonna hear about this at dinner.	no

 Joey: I did not know that! Thank you Monica. (Starts to leave) I can't believe I almost lost another girl because of counting.	no

 Rachel: Okay, well then how about a handshake? (She goes to shake his hand but misses and touches his groin.) Oh God I'm sorry! Oh God, I'm sorry! I did not mean to touch that&
 Phoebe: What are you talking about?!	no

 Rachel: (entering from her room) Okay, gotta go! Wish me luck!	no

 All: Good luck! Go get 'em! (Rachel exits.)	no

 Kim: Nancy and I were talking about the fall collection.	no

 Ross: Wow, uh, Joey that's-that's great. Thanks man.	no

 Chandler: Okay, but you gotta push past this because it is about to get so good!	no

 Chandler: I think you smell great! (He sniffs her shoulder.)	no

 Kim: Oh sure, every Sunday night I'm telling myself I'm quitting but every Monday morning it's like (Mimics chain smoking.)	no

 Rachel: Oh but you could. You can. Absolutely! We can help each other out! We can get--what are those--those patches! We could be like the Patch Sisters!	no

 Rachel: Well y'know if you, if you started smoking again you could've at least told me! Come on, give me one of those! What are we talking about?	no

 Chandler: Made a few calls, pulled some strings, and they agreed to seat us at	no

 Chandler: Okay first of all, the impression, uncanny. And second, that was not flirting, that was just casual conversation between two people. That is all.	no

 Chandler: Is that what this is about? You like Caitlin? (Ross looks at Rachel.)	no

 Ross: And she's just so sexy and funny and has the cutest little&
 Chandler: I'm sorry, I thought you were Joey's other grandmother. (She just stares at him.) I've done it again.	no

 Chandler: Uhh, Joey's grandmother is right there. (Points)	no

 Monica: That's a great idea! I was saving them for something special.	no

 Ross: What? (Mumbles) What-what, what are talking about? It-it worked with you.	no

 Ross: All right, all right. You-you-you know what I'm going to do? I am going to order another pizza and when Caitlin gets here, you-you--I will show how well I flirt. Yeah! I will, I will get her phone number! (To Chandler) And not the one on the menu!	no

 Joey: Okay, here's my big scene. My big scene's here! (They have two of the cops on the street, then they cut to where they're entering an apartment.) Oh my God.	no

 Joey: (smiling) I don't know. This little, old lady lives for my career. When they dumped me off of Days of Our Lives she almost died.	no

 Chandler: (smiling) If we keep talking this way, aren't we gonna freak her out soon? Grandma Tribbiani: (Something in Italian to Joey.)	no

 Monica: No! You are not gonna run out and leave her here!	no

 Joey: (dejected) Yeah, all right. (Thinks of something.) Ooh! (He quickly runs out before anyone can stop him.) Grandma Tribbiani: Joey!	no

 Rachel: Oh gosh, she's going to kill me.	no

 Ross: Gas? Wow! Intense.	no

 Ross: The gas is odorless, but they add the smell so you know when there's a leak.	no

 Ross: Meth-methane smells&
 Caitlin: Y'know what? That's okay, you guys have ordered so many that this one is on me! (Runs for her life.) (Ross closes the door slowly.)	no

 Joey: (on the tape) All right back off! I gotta gun! I'm not afraid to use it! Grandma Tribbiani: Oh Joey!	no

 Chandler: You look amazing. I'm the luckiest man in the world.	no

 Chandler: (To Ross) Thanks for picking out the earrings man.	no

 Phoebe: Monica, I'm sorry I didn't come by last night. I was out with Gary; he let me ride around with him in his cop car. We saw and prevented crimes.	no

 Monica: All right, he's keys are in the drawer. Y'know what? I also need some cash.	no

 Chandler: (leans in and takes a sniff of Joey's sandwich) Wow! That sandwich really does smell good.	no

 Joey: Half the taste is in the smell! You-you're sucking up all the tastiness!	no

 Monica: I'm his sister, okay? I love him! I don't want to see him get hurt! Come on! Doesn&
 Ross: Okay, okay, so we're in the car. Right? And bang! A shot was fired. And Joey with no regard for his own safety throws himself on me!	no

 Ross: Wow! I could've died tonight.	no

 Phoebe: Yeah! Sure! Yep! (Gets up) Oh, y'know what? If I heard a shot right now, I'd throw my body on you.	no

 Chandler: Look I'm very glad that you saved Ross from the car backfire, but y'know, it could've been a bullet and you y'know, you didn't try to save me!	no

 Rachel: Hey! Y'know what? You are in our apartment all the time! Okay? This is, this is just a drop in the bucket mister!	no

 Ross: No, a car backfired, but (Rachel suddenly calms down) I thought somebody was taking a shot at me. And Rach, I&
 Ross: I wonder how I would react under fire, y'know? And not backfire but-but heavy fire, like I was in a war or something.	no

 Phoebe: Well you all know that I'm a pacifist so I'm not interested in war in any way. (Gets up) But y'know what? When the revolution comes, I will have to destroy you all. (Starts to leave.) (To Joey) Not you Joey. (Joey gets all happy with himself, while the rest of the gang is less than enthused.) End <!--webbot bot="ImageMap" startspan rectangle=" (136,1) (193, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season5.htm" rectangle=" (68,0) (126, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season5.htm" rectangle=" (0,0) (58, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season5/519rcf.htm" src="contrl08.gif" width="194" height="60" alt="contrl08.gif (14783 bytes)" border="0" --><!--webbot bot="ImageMap" i-checksum="8521" endspan -->	no

 Monica: I swear, I promise. I promise. Oh my God, I'm so excited! {And I just can't hide it! I'm about to lose control and I think I like it! Sorry, just couldn't resist it.} All right, listen let me tell you, do not get her flowers. Okay? Because y'know, she cries when they die, and there's the whole funeral&
 Phoebe: I don't know. I'll just handle it&
 Chandler: I'll try, but I'm not sure what good it would do, y'know? Because I'm a lot less afraid of commitment than I used to be.	no

 Joey: Wow! You realize that we've been throwing this ball, without dropping it, for like an hour?	no

 Ross: Free cats do that too, y'know. {Which reminds me, if I might get a little political here, support your local animal shelter. Pet shops are not the place to buy dogs and cats from, you get a much better deal from the shelter, plus they probably won't die on you in a week and a half. If you want a leash, go to the pet shop. If you want the dog for that leash, go to the shelter and save it's life. Now back to regularly scheduled programming.}	no

 Chandler: It is a crime that you and I don't spend more time together.	no

 Chandler: Well, I heard that you thinking about asking Phoebe to move in with you and I thought maybe, we should have a talk. Man to uh, me.	no

 Chandler: Scared? Happy?	no

 Chandler: Wow, y'know when you say it, it doesn't sound so scary.	no

 Monica: Guys, could you please just stop throwing the ball for one minute and just help me find it!	no

 Ross: Thanks.	no

 Chandler: Sometimes I wish I was a lesbian... (They all stare at him.) Did I say that out loud?	no

 Joey: Alright Ross, look. You're feeling a lot of pain right now. You're angry. You're hurting. Can I tell you what the answer is? (Ross gestures his consent.)	no

 Rachel: Oh God... well, it started about a half hour before the wedding. I was in the room where we were keeping all the presents, and I was looking at this gravy boat. This really gorgeous Lamauge gravy boat. When all of a sudden- (to the waitress that brought her coffee)Sweet 'n' Lo?- I realized that I was more turned on by this gravy boat than by Barry! And then I got really freaked out, and that's when it hit me: how much Barry looks like Mr. Potato Head. Y'know, I mean, I always knew looked familiar, but... Anyway, I just had to get out of there, and I started wondering 'Why am I doing this, and who am I doing this for?'. (to Monica) So anyway I just didn't know where to go, and I know that you and I have kinda drifted apart, but you're the only person I knew who lived here in the city.	no

 Chandler: (re TV) Ooh, she should not be wearing those pants.	no

 Monica: Just breathe, breathe.. that's it. Just try to think of nice calm things...	no

 Chandler: Please don't do that again, it's a horrible sound.	no

 All: Eeaagh! (Rachel enters from her room.)	no

 Rachel: Oh, but look how straight those noodles are!	no

 Monica: No Mom, I don't have a restaurant, I work in a restaurant. Mrs. Geller: Well, they don't have to know that... (She starts to fluff the same pillow Monica fluffed multiple times earlier.)	no

 Monica: Chandler, you're an only child, right? You don't have any of this.	no

 Ross: -she, of course, she- uh- familiar with our.. special situation?	no

 Rachel: And you've got lenses! But you hate sticking your finger in your eye!	no

 Joey: Yeah. Cushions the blow.	no

 Ross: That's funny, that, no, because, uh, our parents actually did, uh, send our dog off to live on a farm.	no

 Ross: What? Wh- hello? The Millners' farm in Connecticut? The Millners, they had this unbelievable farm, they had horses, and, and rabbits that he could chase and it was- it w- .....Oh my God, Chi Chi! Opening Credits	no

 Joey: &quot;Warden, in five minutes my pain will be over. But you'll have to live with the knowledge that you sent an honest man to die.&quot;	no

 Monica: No, no, no. They say it's the same as the distance from the tip of a guy's thumb to the tip of his index finger. (The guys stretch out their fingers.)	no

 Phoebe: Okay. Okay, let's say I bought a really great pair of shoes. Do you know what I'd hear, with every step I took? 'Not-mine. Not-mine. Not-mine.' And even if I was happy, okay, and, and skipping- 'Not-not-mine, not-not-mine, not-not-mine, not-not-mine'...	no

 Phoebe: 'Dear Ms. Buffay. Thank you for calling attention to our error. We have credited your account with five hundred dollars. We're sorry for the inconvenience, and hope you'll accept this- (Searches in her purse) -football phone as our free gift.' Do you believe this?! Now I have a thousand dollars, and a football phone!	no

 Ross: He was unbelievable. He was like that-that-that Bugs Bunny cartoon where Bugs is playing all the positions, right, but instead of Bugs it was first base-Alan, second base-Alan, third base-...	no

 Chandler: I personally could have a gallon of Alan.	no

 Joey: Oh, God! (Hurriedly closes his legs.)	no

 Monica: Please, guys, we have to talk.	no

 Ross: Yeah. He could row like a viking.	no

 Phoebe: (shouting as he leaves) If you never smoke again I'll give you seven thousand dollars!	no

 Ross: Yeah, see.. you took mine. Chandler, what about you?	no

 Rachel: See, there's always one guy. (Mocking) &quot;If I had a wish, I'd wish for three more wishes.&quot; (Joey enters.)	no

 Joey: Hey, if Little Joey's dead, then I got no reason to live!	no

 Joey: Oh, you're fine, yeah, for a first job.	no

 Chandler: (to Joey) Could've been a peach.	no

 Chandler: What? There was ice there that night with Carol? Plastic seats? Four thousand angry Pittsburgh fans?	no

 Joey: C'mon, sit. Just sit down, sit.	no

 Phoebe: Yeah, right! See, he gave up something, but then he got those magic beans. And then he woke up, and there was this, this big plant outside his window, full of possibilities and stuff.. And he lived in a village, and you live in the Village..	no

 Chandler: Well, what? What? What is it? That she left you? That she likes women? That she left you for another woman that likes women?	no

 Monica: Could've played Monopoly, but nooooo. (There's a knock on the door, Chandler opens it, and silently hands back the cushion.)	no

 Ross: Not that big a deal? It's amazing. Ok, you just reach in there, there's one little maneuver, and bam, a bra right out the sleeve. All right, as far as I'm concerned, there is nothing a guy can do that even comes close. Am I right?	no

 Chandler: Not a one.	no

 Joey: All right, look, I'm not proud of this, ok? Well, maybe I am a little.	no

 Joey: Yeah. I'm thinking, if we put our heads together, between the two of us, we can break them up. [Time lapse, Monica accidentally spilled her drink on Bob's shirt and is wiping it off. Joey is making eyes at Angela.]	no

 Joey: Vell, Eva, ve've done some excellent vork here, and I vould have to say, your pwoblem is qviiite clear. (He goes into a song and dance number.) All you want is a dingle, What you envy's a schwang, A thing through which you can tinkle, Or play with, or simply let hang... Opening Credits	no

 Joey: Who's Rick?	no

 Chandler: Oh, I'm sorry, then you're widowed?...Hopefully?	no

 Aurora: No, I'm still married.	no

 Monica: What? So you guys don't mind going out with someone else who's going out with someone else?	no

 Chandler: Someone's left a glass on the coffee table. There's no coaster. It's a cold drink, it's a hot day. Little beads of condensation are inching their way closer and closer to the surface of the wood...	no

 Joey: Can you believe this? Al Pacino! This guy's the reason I became an actor! &quot;I'm out of order? Pfeeeh. You're out of order! This whole courtroom's out of order!&quot;	no

 Joey: My mom will.	no

 Joey: We have a winner! [Time lapse, Ross and Rachel are talking, Joey is on the couch, and Monica and Phoebe are out of the room.]	no

 Ross: Uh-uh. See, I see.... big passion in your future.	no

 Joey: Because of... the reason.	no

 Ross: OK, I have a question. Well, actually, it's not so much a question as.. more of a general wondering... ment.	no

 Joey: Hey Ross. This probably isn't the best time to bring it up, but you have to throw a party for Monica. Closing Credits	no

 Monica: But my clothes are&
 Joey: Hey, dude, let me in. I got a girl out here!	no

 Chandler: Well, I suppose I&
 Chandler: Yeah, it kinda makes that-that one night special. (Realizes something) Y&
 Joey: Thanks man.	no

 Joey: I mean, there&
 Joey: Why would you need to say hi to them, you&
 Chandler: Oh. Y&
 Rachel: Ahh, yes, I will have a glass of the Merlot and uh, (points to Ross&
 Chandler: Hey Joe! (Monica goes back underwater as Joey re-enters.)	no

 Chandler: Ooh! Ahh, Pheebs, was gonna tell a story.	no

 Chandler: Oh that's not true.	no

 Chandler: And uh, Rachel, glad to have you back. (He goes over and gives Rachel the same treatment he gave Monica, only Rachel is shocked.)	no

 Joey: (To Chandler) I bet it was about her a little.	no

 Joey: I'll kick that door in if you give me a little sugar. Commercial Break	no

 Chandler: Okay, Pheebs, we decided the picnic idea was a little&
 Joey: Nooo, I said we needed a new plan.	no

 Rachel: The thing is y'know, that you're married to Emily.	no

 Ross: No. No. No, I'm-I'm glad you did. Look, if nothing else, it's-it's always great when someone tells you they love you.	no

 Monica: Oh my God! You're water broke! The Guys: Ohh!	no

 Chandler: Pheebs! We have to take you to the hospital now!	no

 Joey: (entering) Ross! Get a shot of this. (He's carrying an issue of the USA Today and hands Ross the camera.) Hey babies! These are the headlines on the day you were born! Okay, now girl baby turn away and boy babies&
 Joey: Oh, a couple of nurses asked them out. Maybe they're with them.	no

 Phoebe: Oo, this is a big one. Eww! Arghhhh!! [Cut to Joey's room, who's going throw his own contractions. Plus, he has Ross in a headlock.]	no

 Ross: Breathe! Breathe! Breathe throw the pain. (Joey starts breathing hard)	no

 Monica: Great! (Dan leaves as Chandler enters.)	no

 Chandler: So, are you really gonna go out with that nurse man?	no

 Chandler: That's kind of a masculine name, don't you think?	no

 Rachel: (Gasps) That cute waiter guy from your restaurant, the one that looks like a non-threatening Ray Liotta?	no

 Ross: (on phone) I-I-I don't care if I said some other girl's name you prissy, old twit!	no

 Joey: A little uh, good deed for PBS and a little TV exposure, now that's the kind of math Joey likes to do!	no

 Rachel: I don&
 Monica: I might've said that. (Chandler laughs.) Why is that funny?	no

 Chandler: Because I'm very happy for him! (To Monica) And you, you lucky dog!	no

 Chandler: If you're cooking on the stove, does that mean that your new secret boyfriend is better in bed than Richard?	no

 Chandler: That's true!	no

 Phoebe: Oh, I'm still mad at them but I also now that they bring happiness to lots of kids who's moms didn't kill themselves, so by supporting them, I'm doing a good thing, but I'm not happy about it. So there, a selfless good deed.	no

 Phoebe: Oh, look-look, Joey's on TV! Isn't that great? My pledge got Joey on TV! Oh that makes me feel&
 Monica: Wait! What about Joey? (Chandler opens the bathroom door to reveal Joey passed out on the toilet with a toothbrush in his mouth.) Opening Credits	no

 Chandler: Half a tank? We still got a lot of high-speed chasing to do!	no

 Joey: Man, if anyone asked me to give up any of you, I couldn't do it. Chandler and Phoebe: Yeah, me either.	no

 Chandler: Kip, my old roommate, y'know we all used to hang out together.	no

 Joey: 'Cause I figured you'd hooked up with some girl and she'd left it there.	no

 Chandler: The reason we didn't tell anyone was because we didn't want to make a big deal out of it.	no

 Phoebe: The most popular Phoebe in tennis is called the overhand Phoebe. And if you win, you must slap your opponent on the Phoebe and say, &quot;Hi, Phoebe!&quot;	no

 Monica: Count in our heads as-as good Madlibs. (They putting their notepads down and get up to leave.)	no

 Joey: I can still hear you! Opening Credits	no

 Phoebe: Eeeee-(She opens the box and removes its contents and sees that it's a fur coat.)-ohh!! God! (She throws it at Joey.)	no

 Ross: Look, if I can just do what Emily wants and get her to New York, I'm sure everything will be fine.	no

 Monica: All right. (Looking through a box.) Op, here it is! Right underneath the can of-of bug bomb. I wonder if the best place to put something that cooks food is underneath the can of poison? (The single light flickers and goes out. Leaving the room in total darkness.)	no

 Ross: Unreasonable? How about we have this conversation when one of you guys gets married! You have no idea what it takes to make a marriage work! All right, it's about compromise! Do you always like it? No! Do you do it? Yes! Because it's not all laughing, happy, candy in the sky, drinking coffee at Central Perk all the time! It's real life, okay? It's what grown-ups do! (He storms out.)	no

 Danny: Okay. (Heads for his apartment.)	no

 Chandler: Yeah, we are so sorry.	no

 Emily: Hello everyone. So who am I saying hello too?	no

 Joey: You can totally tell! Here look, watch me. (He stands up and turns his back to them so that he is facing the window.) Smile! Frown. Smile! Frown. (The camera cuts to Ross outside hanging up the phone.) Smile! (Ross turns around and sees Joey alternately smiling and frowning and just stares at him for a second and heads back inside.)	no

 Chandler: That's a pig.	no

 Chandler: Hey! (Joey quickly hides the magazine under the couch.)	no

 Phoebe: It's okay to laugh right?	no

 Phoebe: Okay. (She laughs harder.)	no

 Larry: (entering) A 98. I deducted 2 points because you are not wearing your chef's hat, and that is a Section 5 violation.	no

 Danny: (To Gunther) Two pounds of Moca Java please.	no

 Joey: (To Chandler) You're fake laughing too, right?	no

