 Chandler: I didn't know you had another level.	yes

 Chandler: No, no, I'm just looking for a man to draw on me with chalk.	yes

 Chandler: Are you sure he's gonna be able to crack that code?	yes

 Chandler: Of course the packaging does appeal to grown-ups and kids alike.	yes

 MONICA: I can't believe that this whole time we thought he hated us. I mean, isn't it amazing how much you can touch someone's life, without even knowing it?...Would you look at this dump? He hated us. This is his final revenge!	yes

 PHOEBE: I, I don't, I don't understand, how can you be straight? I mean, you're, you're so smart and funny and you throw such great Academy Award parties.	yes

 JOEY: Yeah, someplace nice. (to Phoebe and Rachel) How much do you think I can get for my kidney? (at Central Perk)	yes

 CHAN: You know, I mean, you can't tell your parents you were fired because they'd be disappointed.	yes

 CHAN: Oh, I know. This must be so hard. Oh, no. Two women love me. They're both gorgeous and sexy. My wallet's too small for my fifties, and my diamond shoes are too tight.	yes

 PHOE: Oh, oh sweet Lord! This is what evil must taste like!	yes

 JOEY: Oh, but when Phoebe has a problem, everyone's all ears!	yes

 CHANDLER: Yeah, she, she brought the invisible cab. . . hop in.	yes

 ROSS: Fine, OK! Heat, heat, heat, and I'm the obsessive one. [goes to the radiator and starts turning the knob] OK, this way is on, so this is. . . [breaks off the knob] off.	yes

 MNCA: Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait one minute. Wait a minute. I believe this will change your mind. [Reads from paper] In a mediocre play, Joseph Tribbiana was able to achieve brilliant new levels of... continued on page 153...[turns it] sucking. Credits	yes

 ROSS: Oh OK. Well then why don't you, uhh, why don't you borrow it from mom and dad? You feel guilty and tense around them already. You might as well make some money off of them.	yes

 ROSS: [in a childish voice] I hope you cleaned your hair out of the drain.	yes

 CHANDLER: Because sometimes, Phoebe after you sleep with someone, you have to kill the fish.	yes

 CHANDLER: See ya. [shuts the door] Goodbuy you fruit drying psychopath. So you want me to help you unpack your stuff?	yes

 Phoebe: Oh! And, he's the kinda guy who, when you're talking, he's listening, y'know, and not saying 'Yeah, I understand' but really wondering what you look like naked.	yes

 Joey: I'll have you know that Gloria Tribbiani was a handsome woman in her day, alright? You think it's easy giving birth to seven children?	yes

 Joey: (in baby-like voice) How come you don't live with Mommy? (pause; shows Ross less than amused) How come Mommy lives with that other lady? (pause; Ross still looks less than amused; Joey smiling) What's a lesbian? (playfully hits Ross) (Rachel enters with Paolo, speaking Italian. Ross looks annoyed)	yes

 Ross: Wasn't this supposed to be just a fling, huh? Shouldn't it be...(makes flinging motions with hands) flung by now? (Camera pans back to Rachel)	yes

 Ross: ...nauseous, I'm physically nauseous. What am I supposed to do, huh? Call immigration? (pauses, looks suddenly inspired) I could call immigration!	yes

 Joey: Dad, dad. (Shakes his head) Mr. Tribbiani: Oh, 'scuse me. So Ross, uh, how's the wife? (Ross whines and lays his head on Chandler's shoulder) Off there too, uh? Uh, Chandler, quick, say something funny! (Chandler stays stonefaced)	yes

 Chandler: No, it's suicide. The man's got an egg. Opening Credits	yes

 Chandler: (on phone) Hey Mr. Kostelic! How's life on the fifteenth floor? (Listens) Yeah, I miss you too. (Listens) Yeah, it's a lot less satisfying to steal pens from your own home, you know? (Listens) Well, that's very generous (Listens) er, but look, this isn't about the money. I need something that's more than a job. I need something I can really care about.... (Listens) And that's on top of the yearly bonus structure you mentioned earlier? (Listens) Look, Al, Al... I'm not playing hardball here, OK? This is not a negotiation, this is a rejection! (Listens) No! No! No, stop saying numbers! I'm telling you, you've got the wrong guy! You've got the wrong guy! (Listens) I'll see you on Monday! (slams the phone down)	yes

 Rachel: Oh, well, that shouldn&
 Ross: That's right, I.. 'cause I didn't expect you were gonna invite them to the apartment! (A knock on the door. Rachel swiftly opens it)	yes

 Rachel: Ross, I said I'm sorry like a million times. What do you want me to do? You want me to break my foot too? Okay, I'm gonna break my foot, right here. (Kicks the sign) Ow!! Oh! Oh my God, oh my God! There, are you happy now?!	yes

 Ross: That's nice... now, was that before or after you told him to stop calling, stop sending you flowers and to generally leave you alone, hmm?	yes

 Monica: Why don't I just take off my clothes and have a nightmare. (She starts to walk very slowly toward the front of the room. The teacher grabs her hand and pulls her. Suddenly a woman bursts in)	yes

 Lydia: Look, look at your man, Ewing. Nice shot. You know what, he couldn't hit water if he was standing on a boat.	yes

 Susan: You get to be the baby's father. Everyone knows who you are. Who am I? There's Mother's Day, there's Father's Day, there's no... Lesbian Lover Day.	yes

 Chandler: (to nurse) Let me ask you, do you have to be Carol's lesbian life partner?	yes

 Chandler: Oh! Oh! That's so hard. (Starts to juggle the ball, but loses control and almost drops it and hands it to Monica.) (Rachel enters with the &quot;cat&quot; and the chick and the duck start to get riled up.)	yes

 Phoebe: No, I just heard when people live together, they split the cost of stamps. Don't they?	yes

 Joey: I don't know who made you the boss? All right? We (Ross and him) invented this game!	yes

 Joey: Did you not hear the plot of the movie? &quot;She's been dead for ten years.&quot; I'm gonna be a millionaire!	yes

 Joey: Yeah, sure! Sure! They would uh, they would scrub the floors with it! They would use it to get the mud off their shoe. And sometimes underneath the horse would get dirty so they would stick it right&
 Joey: Who's your friend? He's hot! (Ross laughs and Rachel smacks him with her purse.)	yes

 Phoebe: What time? Maybe we can share a cab!	yes

 Joey: Pheebs, I am so sorry! I know I promised you a fun road trip with your friend and I didn&
 Ross: We were drunk! I would&
 Chandler: And you&
 Phoebe: Ninety percent of a women&
 Ross: (grabbing back his coffee) If the place you are referring too is being in love, then she is in the same place as me because I am not in that place!	yes

 Chandler: Okay so you mean no as in, &quot;Gee Chandler, what an interesting idea. Let&
 Chandler: Oh my God! Someone&
 Rachel: Thank you. (Gets up) Now are you sure? Because once I make a copy, there&
 Joey: Thursday&
 Chandler: I&
 Rachel: When?! After the birth of our first secret child?! (To All) Ross didn&
 Chandler: Okay, let me just jump in and ask, at what point did you think this was a successful marriage?	yes

 Rachel: So, I still have boxes here. I still have boxes at Ross&
 Joey: Oh that&
 Rachel: Ooh, your brother. Score!	yes

 Rachel: You know what else I&
 Joey: (raises his hand) I don't! No, I wanna live with the super-hot Australian dancer.	yes

 Chandler: (Picking up a pillow.) Yeah, is this your pretty pink pillow on the couch?	yes

 Rachel: Okay, two things didn&
 Ross: (sarcastic) I don't see why not. (He tries pushing against the chest of drawers. Then he opens one of the drawers and climbs into the closet using that; he falls behind the chest of drawers with a shout.)	yes

 Ross: I have shown you everything we have. Unless you want your mother to spend eternity in a lemon yellow pant-suit, go with the burgundy. Aunt Lillian: You know, whatever we pick, she would've told us it's the wrong one. Mrs. Geller: You're right. We'll go with the burgundy.	yes

 Monica: Well, sure, what with it being her funeral and all. Mrs. Geller: No, I'd be hearing about 'Why didn't I get the honey-glazed ham?', I didn't spend enough on flowers, and if I spent more she'd be saying 'Why are you wasting your money? I don't need flowers, I'm dead'.	yes

 Terry: Rachel, Rachel, sweetheart. You're a terrible, terrible waitress. Really, really awful.	yes

 Ross: Here we come, walkin' down the&
 Chandler: I'd like to propose a toast. Little toast here, ding ding. I know this isn't the kind of Thanksgiving that all of you all planned, but for me, this has been really great, you know, I think because it didn't involve divorce or projectile vomiting. Anyway, I was just thinking, I mean, if you'd gone to Vail, and if you guys'd been with your family, if you didn't have syphilis and stuff, we wouldn't be all together, you know? So I guess what I'm trying to say is that I'm very thankful that all of your Thanksgivings sucked.	yes

 Phoebe: Well, c'mon, if it's important enough to discuss while I'm playing, then I assume it's important enough for everyone else to hear!	yes

 David: (Stands up and speaks more loudly) Sorry, I wa- I was just saying to my friend that I thought you were the most beautiful woman that I'd ever seen in my- in my life. And then he said that- you said you thought	yes

 Joey: Yeah, the other day I was at the bus-stop and this lovely fall breeze came in out of nowhere and blew this chick's skirt right up. Oh! Which reminds me, I'm also thankful for thongs. (Note: Actually, I think every guy is thankful for thongs. That and spandex. J ) Opening Credits	yes

 Chandler: No-no-no! I am the king of bad Thanksgivings. You can't just swoop in here with your bad marriage and take that away from me.	yes

 Ross: Phoebe! You're note, amazing! Not only did no one touch my sandwich, but people at work are actually afraid of me. Yeah, a guy called me mental! Mental Geller, yeah, I always wanted a cool nickname like that.	yes

 Joey: Well, I'm telling everyone about you! That's the only way to explain the underwear and the video camera that doesn't make me look like a pig!	yes

 Ross: (losing control, we hear him shout outside) MY SANDWICH?!!! [Cut to a shot of a park.]	yes

 Joey: Dude, you just described seven days worth of stuff. You&
 Danny: &
 Chandler: Yeah or also when you don't have somebody breathing down your neck ALL THE LIVE LONG DAY!!	yes

 Joey: Well, y'know those special skills I have listed on my resume? I would love it would be great if one of those was true.	yes

 Phoebe: Fine! You go learn from your qualified instructor! But don't come crying to me when everyone's sick and tired of hearing you play Bad, Bad Leroy Brown!!	yes

 Joey: Well, I'm just&
 Phoebe: Okay, I'm gonna go too. I'm gonna go to the airport. I figure if I hang around there long enough, someone's bound to leave one of those planes unattended.	yes

 Chandler: And! They like me more just because I was with ya! I think you repaired a lot of the damage from when they met Joey. And Doug wants us to play tennis with them. He's never even talked to me outside of work. Except for that time when we bumped into each other at that strip club. (She glares at him.) Strip church. Anyway, I'm gonna go try and find a racquet.	yes

 Joey: He hooked up!! Tell us about her! [Suddenly the door opens and Ross's mystery girl enters. I'll give you a hint to who it	yes

 Phoebe: You mean whenever Monica and Chandler where like y'know doing laundry or going grocery shopping or&
 Chandler: Oh please, you are obsessed with babies and-and marriage and everything that's related to babies and-and marriage! I've got an idea, why don't we turn down the heat on this pressure cooker?!	yes

 Phoebe: Yeah, but they didn't ask me! Y'know? This way I'm just y'know, the exotic, generous stranger. That's always fun to be.	yes

 Steve: Oh hey, Ross. Umm, see, I was thinking maybe you two could switch apartments because Phoebe's more our kind of people. Something to think about. (Walks away.) (Ross turns and glares at Phoebe.)	yes

 Chandler: Well I would've been happy because I would've be able to spend the rest of my life with the woman that I love. Or, you would've seen a Chandler shaped hole in that door. (Points at the door.) Ending Credits	yes

 Chandler: Oh that's so cool! Why would a cop come in here though? They don't serve donuts. (No one laughs.) Y'know what actually, could you discover the badge again? I think I can come up with something better than that.	yes

 Chandler: No, it can mean anything. Like uh, all of the sudden you're jealous because I've become the apartment stud.	yes

 Chandler: Little?! You freaked out big time! Okay? And I fixed it! We have switched places! I am the relationship and king and you are the crazy, irrational screw up! (Does a dance of joy.) (Monica glares at him.) And now we're back. Ending Credits	yes

 Phoebe: So wow, it looks like you took care of everything. Thanks a lot, co-host.	yes

 Chandler: (To Monica) If this is the way all the Gellers flirt, we don't have a problem.	yes

 Joey: Maybe this should be more of a quiet game. {Oh, all right!&nbsp; Geez, I can't have any fun!}	yes

 Rachel: Oh, wow! Congratulations, that's quite a waste of time.	yes

 Paul: I know, I know, I'm such an idiot. I guess I should have caught on when she started going to the dentist four and five times a week. I mean, how clean can teeth get?	yes

 Joey: What are you talking about? 'One woman'? That's like saying there's only one flavor of ice cream for you. Lemme tell you something, Ross. There's lots of flavors out there. There's Rocky Road, and Cookie Dough, and Bing! Cherry Vanilla. You could get 'em with Jimmies, or nuts, or whipped cream! This is the best thing that ever happened to you! You got married, you were, like, what, eight? Welcome back to the world! Grab a spoon!	yes

 Rachel: Yeah, well, word of advice: Bring back the comedian. Otherwise next time you're gonna find yourself sitting at home, listening to that album alone.	yes

 Chandler: Yep, we sure showed those Hassidic jewellers a thing or two about softball..	yes

 Chandler: Really? He does? (taking the phone) Hey, buddy, what's up! Oh, she told you about that, huh. Well, yeah, I have one now and then. Well, yeah, now. Well, it's not that big- ..well, that's true,.. Gee, y'know, no-one- no-one's ever put it like that before. Well, okay, thanks! (He hands the phone back and stubs out his cigarette.)	yes

 Chandler: Joey ate my last stick of gum, so I killed him. Do you think that was wrong?	yes

 Chandler: (deadpan) Ooh, I'm alive with pleasure now.	yes

 Chandler: She's amazing! She makes the women that I dream about look like short, fat, bald men!	yes

 Chandler: Thank God you didn't try to fan out the magazines. I mean, she'll scratch your eyes right out.	yes

 Chandler: Oh no, it's terrific, it's... it's... y'know, you deserve this, after all your years of struggling, you've finally been able to crack your way into showbusiness.	yes

 Chandler: Yes! Good thing we have that, &
 Monica: You can't fire me. I make your decisions and I say, &quot;I'm not fired!&quot; Ha!	yes

 Chandler: (entering, happily, with a bottle of champagne, thinking that Monica is the only one there) Ha-ha-ha-(sees everyone)-enh-enh. I'm so glad you guys are all here! My office finally got wrinkle free fax paper! Opening Credits	yes

 Monica: Yeah, I'm sure your ex-wife will be more than happy to move to another country so you can patch things up with your new wife.	yes

 Chandler: Oh, who should I blame? The nice bell man who had to drag out luggage to 10 different rooms?	yes

 Rachel: What? Uhh, Phoebe, honey, honey, I know you're quirky and I get a big kick out of it, we all do actually, but if you destroy a coat like this that is like a crime against nature! Not nature, fashion!	yes

 Joey: Well, I'm keeping so many things to myself these days, something was bound to slip out! (He glares at Chandler.)	yes

 Phoebe: (to the squirrel) Okay, stop tormenting me! This mink! Okay, they're mean! And they hate squirrels! And y'know, okay, most of these probably wanted to be coats! (The squirrel stares at her.) All right, fine, now I get it. (To the clerk.) Here. (She hands him her coat.) You take it. (To the squirrel.) Are you happy now? I'm cold! End <!--webbot bot="ImageMap" startspan rectangle="(137,0) (193, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season5.htm" rectangle="(68,0) (127, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season5.htm" rectangle="(0,1) (59, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season5/505kips.htm" src="contrl08.gif" width="194" height="60" alt="contrl08.gif (14783 bytes)" border="0" --><!--webbot bot="ImageMap" i-checksum="621" endspan -->	yes

 Chandler: He thought you said gonad. (Joey busts out laughing.) Opening Credits	yes

 Larry: Oh, will you mind if I wash up? Because I came straight from work and who knows where these babies (Holds up his hands) have been.	yes

