 Monica: OK, we got the cole slaw, we got the buns...	no

 Monica: Oh Joey, Melanie called, said she's gonna be late.	no

 Joey: Oh, OK.	no

 Joey: I don't know, she's, uh.... she's pretty great.	no

 Monica: Yeah? What does she think of your little science project?	no

 Joey: What, you think I'm gonna tell a girl I like that I'm also seeing a cup?	no

 Monica: Man's got a point.	no

 Joey: Well, the tough thing is, she really wants to have sex with me.	no

 Monica: Joey... we always know what you mean. [Time lapse. Chandler and Joey are making the fire, Monica and Phoebe are inside. Ross enters, carrying luggage.]	no

 Phoebe: Hey.	no

 Monica: Hey.	no

 Phoebe: How long did you think this barbecue was gonna last?	no

 Ross: I'm going to China.	no

 Phoebe: Jeez, you say one thing, and...	no

 Monica: You're going to China?	no

 Phoebe: Oh, let me see! (takes the picture)	no

 Ross: (to Monica): Could you take it to Carol's every now and then, and show it to Ben, just so he doesn't forget me?	no

 Monica: Yeah. (Phoebe puts the picture of Ross up to her face.)	no

 Phoebe: Hi, Ben. I'm your father. I am... the head. Aaaaaahhhh.... (puts picture down, sees Ross staring at her) Alright, this barbecue is gonna be very fun.	no

 Ross: Hey, is Rachel here? Um, I wanted to wish her a happy birthday before I left.	no

 Ross: Oh. (pause) Hey, who's Carl?	no

 Ross: No.	no

 Phoebe: Oh, well, see, there's this guy she met at the...	no

 Ross: Hi.	no

 Joey: Hey!	no

 Chandler: Hey!	no

 Joey: The country?	no

 Ross: Well, Rachel's having drinks with him tonight.	no

 Chandler: Forget about her.	no

 Ross: Yeah... I guess. I don't&
 Joey: Listen, buddy, we're just looking out for you.	no

 Ross: I know.	no

 Melanie: Anyway, that's when me and my friends started this whole fruit basket business. We call ourselves 'The Three Basketeers.'	no

 Joey: Like the three musketeers, only with fruit.	no

 Monica: (gets up) OK, how does everybody like their burgers?	no

 Joey: Then you do. Heh, heh.	no

 Monica: So, uh, have you ever thought about being there for her?	no

 Joey: What do you mean?	no

 Monica: Y'know, just be there for her. (Long pause... Joey looks confused.)	no

 Joey: Not following you.	no

 Rachel: OK, I'm guessing this is from... (Melanie smiles.)	no

 Rachel: Well, thank you, Melanie.	no

 Chandler: (pointing out a gift) OK, this one right here is from me.	no

 Rachel: This one's from Joey... feels like a book. Thinks it's a book... feels like a book. And...(opens it)...it's a book!	no

 Phoebe: Oh, it's Dr. Seuss!	no

 Joey: (to Rachel): That book got me through some tough times.	no

 Rachel: Who's this from?	no

 Chandler: Oh, that's Ross's.	no

 Phoebe: Oh, it's so pretty. This must have cost him a fortune.	no

 Monica: I can't believe he did this.	no

 Rachel: What did you just say?	no

 Rachel: No, no, no.... the, um, the... 'love' part?	no

 Rachel: Oh.... my God.	no

 Chandler: (rubbing his temples) Oh, no-no-no-no-no....	no

 Rachel: I mean, this is unbelievable.	no

 Phoebe: I know. This is really, really huge.	no

 Phoebe: Nuh-uh. I don't think any of our lives are ever gonna be the same ever again.	no

 Monica: I think this is so great! I mean, you and Ross! D-did you have any idea?	no

 Rachel: Ross? All this time? Well, I've got to talk to him. (gets up to leave)	no

 Chandler: (quickly) H-He's in China!	no

 Joey: The country.	no

 Monica: No, no, wait. (checks Ross's itinerary) His flight doesn't leave for another forty-five more minutes.	no

 Monica: From here to the airport?	no

 Chandler: Yes! (Rachel walks towards door) You're never gonna make it!	no

 Rachel: I-I-I don't know.	no

 Chandler: Well then maybe you shouldn't go.	no

 Joey: He's right, cause if you're just gonna, like, break his heart, that's the kind of thing that can wait.	no

 Monica: Yeah, but if it's good news, you should tell him now.	no

 Rachel: I don't know. Maybe I'll know when I see him.	no

 Phoebe: Here, look, alright, does this help? (Phoebe gets up, holds the picture of Ross up to her face.)	no

 Rachel: Ross! Excuse me, pardon me, excuse me.... (Rachel gets up to the jetway.) Flight Attendant: Hi!	no

 Rachel: No, I know, but I&
 Rachel: OK, alright, OK, um... then could you please, uh... just give him a message for me? Please? This is very important. Flight Attendant: Alright. What's the message?	no

 Rachel: Uh... I don't know. [Cut to the Jetway, the flight attendant enters, walks past Ross, and approaches an older man with his wife who is also wearing a blue jacket.] Flight Attendant: Sir? Sir? Excuse me, sir? Uh... I have a message for you.	no

 Melanie: Mmmmmm... Oh, Joey, Joey, Joey... I think I blacked out there for a minute!	no

 Joey: Heh, heh. It was nothin'.	no

 Melanie: (surprised) M-Me again?	no

 Joey: Sure! Why not?	no

 Melanie: Oooh, I gotta tell you... you are nothing like I thought you would be.	no

 Joey: How do you mean?	no

 Rachel: I don't know. I don't know... I thought about it all the way there, and I thought about it all the way back... and, uh, oh, you guys, y'know, it's Ross. Y'know what I mean? I mean, it's Ross. Monica and Phoebe: Sure.	no

 Rachel: I don't know, I mean, this is just my initial gut feeling... but I'm thinking... oh, I'm thinking it'd be really great.	no

 Monica: Another good point.	no

 Phoebe: No, I mean, I mean, when you're at the fifteenth date, y'know, you're already in a very relationshippy place. Y'know, it's... you're committed.	no

 Rachel: (confused) Huh?	no

 Monica: Why isn't it working out?	no

 Rachel: I don't know... sometimes it doesn't.	no

 Monica: Is he not cute enough for you?	no

 Rachel: No!	no

 Monica: Does he not make enough money?	no

 Rachel: No, I'm just....	no

 Phoebe: Maybe there's someone else.	no

 Monica: Is there? Is there someone else?	no

 Rachel: No! There is.. there is noone else!	no

 Chandler: Hey, big...	no

 Joey: Shhhh!	no

 Chandler: (quietly) ...spender.	no

 Joey: She's still asleep.	no

 Joey: Oh, it was amazing. You know how you always think you're great in bed?	no

 Chandler: The fact that you'd even ask that question shows how little you know me.	no

 Joey: Well, it's like, last night, I couldn't do the thing that usually makes me great. So I had to do all this other stuff. And the response I got... man, oh man, it was like a ticker tape parade!	no

 Joey: I know! Neither did I!	no

 Monica: Hey, great skirt! Birthday present?	no

 Rachel: Yeah.	no

 Monica: Oh, from who?	no

 Rachel: From you. I exchanged the blouse you got me.	no

 Rachel: Uh, yeah. Uh, Monica, y'know, honey, I've been thinking about it and I've decided this&
 Monica: (gets up) No, no, no, no, no, no pressure, no pressure!	no

 Rachel: Monica, nothing has even happened yet, and you're already so...	no

 Rachel: Who is it?	no

 Rachel: C'mon up.	no

 Joey: Seven hundred bucks!	no

 Chandler: Alright, you did it! Do we have any fruit?	no

 Joey: Man, hell of a two weeks, huh? Y'know what, though? I really feel like I learned something.	no

 Rachel: Would you excuse me, please? I'm trying to have a date here.	no

 Ross: Can't do it, can you?	no

 Rachel: So I'm thinking about you. So what?	no

 Ross: I don't get it. What do you see in this guy, anyway?	no

 Carl: I mean, come on, buddy, get a real car!	no

 Ross: Rachel, come on. Give us a chance.	no

 Rachel: Ross, it's too hard.	no

 Rachel: Ross, you're like my best friend.	no

 Ross: I know.	no

 Rachel: If we broke up, and I lost you...	no

 Ross: Whoa, whoa, whoa. What makes you think we're gonna break up?	no

 Rachel: Well, have you been involved with someone where you haven't broken up?	no

 Ross: (pause) No. But... it only has to happen once. Look, you and I both know we are perfect for each other, right? I mean... so, the only question is... are you attracted to me?	no

 Rachel: I don't know... I mean, I've never looked at you that way before.	no

 Ross: Well, start looking. (They kiss. Ross walks away, and then fades out.)	no

 Rachel: Wow.	no

 Carl: Exactly! And you just know I'm gonna be the guy caught behind this hammerhead in traffic!	no

 Rachel: Right! You're right!	no

 Carl: Heh... y'know?	no

 Rachel: You know what?	no

 Carl: What?	no

 Carl: But...	no

 Ross: Oh, hey, hey, I got that. (Ross picks up the bag... then he and the woman kiss.)	no

 Julie: Oh, thanks, sweetie.	no

 Ross: No problem. I cannot wait for you to meet my friends.	no

 Julie: Really?	no

 Ross: Yeah.	no

 Julie: You don't think they'll judge and ridicule me?	no

 Ross: No, no, they will. I just... uh... Ross and Julie: Can't wait.	no

 Ross: (seeing her) Rach!	no

 Ross: It was, it was great. Oh, what happened?	no

 Rachel: What?	no

 Ross: You're bleeding.	no

 Rachel: I am? Oh, look at that, yes I am. Enough about me, enough about me, Mr. Back from the Orient. Come on. I wanna hear everything! Everything. (Looks at Julie)	no

 Ross: Well, where do I start? This is Julie. Julie, this is Rachel.	no

 Rachel: These are, these aren't for you. (to Julie) These are for you. (Loudly, thinking she can't speak English.) Welcome to our country.	no

 Julie: (Loudly, proving she can speak English.) Thank you. I'm from New York.	no

 Rachel: Ok, well, not a problem. We'll just use them to stop the bleeding. Ok. Baggage claim? Ok.	no

 Chandler:&nbsp; No way!	no

 Monica: I'm telling you, she went to the airport, and she's gonna go for it with Ross!	no

 Phoebe: Yes.	no

 Monica: Guys, you got your hair cut.	no

 Chandler: Yes, yes, we did, thanks to Vidal Buffay.	no

 Chandler: Ok, I think she's trying to tell us something. Quick, get the verbs. (She hits Chandler.)	no

 Rachel: (to Chandler) You, you, you said he liked me. (Ross and Julie enter) You, you slowpokes!	no

 Ross: That's all right, Rach, we got the bags. Hi, hello. Julie, this is my sister Monica. This is Chandler.&nbsp; Phoebe.&nbsp; Joey, what up?	no

 Joey: What up?!	no

 Ross: Everyone, this is Julie.	no

 Rachel: (out of breath) Julie.	no

 All: Ohh. (Happily) Hi!	no

 Julie: Hi, but I'm not here, you haven't met me. I'll make a much better first impression tomorrow when I don't have 20 hours of cab and plane on me.	no

 Ross: And bus.	no

 Julie: Oh my god.	no

 Ross:&nbsp; The screaming guy?	no

 Ross: You gotta hear this story.	no

 Julie: We're on this bus, that's easily 200 years old...	no

 Ross: 200 at least.	no

 Julie:&nbsp; ...and this guy...	no

 Julie: Well, Ross and I were in grad school together.	no

 Ross: But we haven't seen each other since then. Well I land in China, guess who's in charge of the dig.	no

 Monica: (to Julie) It's an expression.	no

 Ross: Well, we just wanted to say a quick hi, and then we're gonna go see the baby.	no

 Julie: And then we've gotta get some sleep.	no

 Rachel: Bye. (She closes the door and everyone tries to sympathize with her.)	no

 Ross: Hey, Rach, can I get some coffee?	no

 Rachel: Yeah, sure.	no

 Ross: Thank you.	no

 Chandler: Hey, Rach, can I get...	no

 Rachel: Did you talk to him?	no

 Chandler: Not yet.	no

 Rachel: Then, no. (He goes to sit down next to Ross.)	no

 Chandler: So what the hell happened to you in China? I mean, when last we left you, you were totally in love with, you know.	no

 Chandler: God?	no

 Ross: It was you, pal.	no

 Chandler: Well, maybe it was God, doing me.	no

 Ross: I didn't order lemonade.	no

 Ross: But...	no

 Rachel: Go-go-go-go, come on! (Ross goes over to the counte) (to Chandler) So uh, what did you find out?	no

 Chandler: He said...he said, he said that they're having a great time. I'm sorry. But, the silver lining, if you wanna see it, is that he made the decision all by himself!&nbsp; Without any outside help whatsoever.	no

 Rachel: How is that the silver lining?	no

 Chandler: You have to really wanna see it.	no

 Ross: Ironically, these are the guys who were picked last in gym. [Cut to Phoebe and Monica in the kitchen.]	no

 Monica: Pheebes, you know what I'm thinking?	no

 Monica: No, although now that's what I'm thinking.	no

 Phoebe: All right, so what were you thinking?	no

 Monica: Well, I was thinking, that you gave the guys such great haircuts, I thought, maybe you'd like to do mine?	no

 Phoebe: Ohh! No.	no

 Monica: Why not?	no

 Monica: No you're not.	no

 Joey: (answering the phone) Hello? Oh, hi. Yeah, hold on a second. Ross, it's Julie, for you. (Throws him the phone.)	no

 Ross: (on phone) Hello? Hi.	no

 Chandler: Okay.&nbsp; You have to stop the Q-tip when there's resistance!	no

 Rachel: She didn't hang up either!	no

 Ross: Ok, no, no, you hang up. You, you, y...	no

 Ross: Rachel! I'll just call her back.	no

 Rachel: Okay!	no

 Ross: (calls Julie back) Hi?&nbsp; Sorry, we got disconnected... (Walks away.)	no

 Rachel: (to Monica) Ok, ok, ok. How did this happen to me? How did this happen to me? A week ago, two weeks ago, I was fine. Ross was just Ross, just this guy. Now he's Rrrooossss, oh, this really great guy that I can't have.	no

 Monica: Sweetie, I wanted you to have him too.	no

 Rachel: I know you did. I'm just gonna deal with it, I'm just gonna deal with it. (Ross comes by, smoching with Julie on the phone.) I gotta get out of here. (Exits)	no

 Chandler: Ok, I don't care what you guys say, something's bothering her.	no

 Joey: (to Chandler) You know, I think I was sixteen.	no

 Monica: (to Phoebe) Please, just a little bit off the back.	no

 Phoebe: I'm still on &quot;no.&quot;	no

 Joey: No-no-no-no-no, (grabs his pants) I'm not fallin' for that again.	no

 Rachel: Well, I sorta did a stupid thing last night.	no

 Chandler: What stupid thing did you do?	no

 Monica: Rachel, how did this happen?	no

 Rachel: I don't know, I just kinda ran into him last night.	no

 Phoebe: Where?	no

 Rachel: At his apartment. Is this juice?	no

 Joey: Whoa, whoa. And the fact that you dumped him because he hit on Phoebe?	no

 Rachel: Oh God, I know I'm a pathetic loser.	no

 Monica: Honey, you're not pathetic, you're sad.	no

 Chandler: People do stupid things when they're upset.	no

 All: Hi!	no

 Paulo: (entering) Hey, hey Ross.	no

 Ross: Hey, Paulo. What are you doing here?	no

 Paulo: I do Raquel.	no

 Ross: (to Rachel) So, uh, he's back.	no

 Rachel: Yeah, he's back. Is that a problem?	no

 Ross: No, not a problem.	no

 Rachel: Good! I'm glad it's not a problem.	no

 Phoebe: (to Paulo) Ok, you're gonna have to not touch my ass.	no

 Joey: Hey, Chandler, when you see Frankie, tell him Joey Tribbiani says hello. He'll know what it means.	no

 Phoebe: All right. Ok, but, but!&nbsp; You have to promise that you will not be all like control-y and bossy and Monica about it.	no

 Monica: I promise.	no

 Phoebe: All right. (Talking to Monica's hair.) Now some of you are gonna get cut, and some of you aren't. But I promise none of you are gonna feel a thing.	no

 Phoebe: All right, that's it, I quit.	no

 Monica: What? I didn't say anything.	no

 Phoebe: Yeah, but this (makes Monica's face) isn't the face of a person who trusts a person. Ok, this (makes Monica's face) is the face of a person who, you know, doesn't trust a person.	no

 Phoebe: Would you relax? I know what I am doing. This is how he wears it.	no

 Monica: How who wears it?	no

 Phoebe: Demi Moore.	no

 Monica: Demi Moore is not a he.	no

 Phoebe: Well, he was a he in Arthur, and in Ten.	no

 Monica: That's Dudley Moore. I said I wanted it like Demi Moore.	no

 Phoebe: Oh.&nbsp; Oh!	no

 Monica: Oh my God!	no

 Phoebe: Oh my God!	no

 Monica: Oh my God!	no

 Phoebe: Oh my God! I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Which one's Demi Moore?	no

 Monica: She's the actress that was in Disclosure, Indecent Proposal, Ghost!	no

 Phoebe: Oh, she's got gorgeous hair.	no

 Monica: I know!	no

 Frankie: How long do you want the cuffs?	no

 Rachel: How is she?	no

 Phoebe: It's too soon to tell. She's resting, which is a good sign.	no

 Ross: How's the hair?	no

 Joey: Can we see her?	no

 Phoebe: Your hair looks too good, I think it would upset her. Ross, why don't you come on in.	no

 Joey: How're you doing?	no

 Rachel: I'm okay.	no

 Joey: Ooh, that bad, huh?	no

 Rachel: What?	no

 Joey: Look, I can sense when women are depressed and vulnerable. It's one of my gifts.	no

 Joey: You gotta tell Ross how you feel.	no

 Joey: What about her? They've only been going out for two weeks. Ross has been in love with you for like 10 years.	no

 Rachel: I don't know, I don't know.	no

 Chandler: Joey's tailor...took advantage of me.	no

 Ross: What?	no

 Joey: No way. I've been going to the guy for 12 years.	no

 Chandler: Oh come on! He said he was going to do my inseam, and he ran his hand up my leg, and then, there was definite...	no

 Ross: What?	no

 Chandler: Cupping.	no

 Joey: That's how they do pants! First they go up one side, they move it over, then they go up the other side, they move it back, and then they do the rear. (Chandler and Ross stare at him) What? Ross, Ross, would you tell him? Isn't that how they measure pants?	no

 Joey: What? That's not? (Realizes) Oh my God.	no

 Monica: Even Mary Tyler Moore would've been better.	no

 Ross: I like it. I do, I think it's a Ten. (Chandler laughs.)	no

 Ross: Well, I gotta go. Bye. Bye, Rach.	no

 Ross: Yeah, that's kinda what I meant by &quot;bye!&quot;	no

 Rachel: Well, can I talk to you for a sec?	no

 Chandler: That's ok. [Out on the balcony]	no

 Rachel: Well, first of all, Paulo and I are not back together. It was just a stupid thing I did, and if I could go back in time and do it again, well, I wouldn't. Um, second of all (Ross is laughing), what?	no

 Rachel: No. No-no-no-no.	no

 Rachel: Really?	no

 Rachel: No, I think that was the whole all.	no

 Ross: Okay.&nbsp; Okay. (They hug.) Okay. [Cut back inside, Joey is on the phone.]	no

 Joey: I swear to god, Dad. That's not how they measure pants. Closing Credits	no

 Phoebe: Oh yeah!&nbsp; Oh, I can do that.	no

 Julie: Really?	no

 Phoebe: You wanna do it right now?	no

 Julie: Great! (Julie leaves)	no

 Phoebe: Oh, yeah. Ok, thank you.	no

 Susan: Oh, is he hungry already?	no

 Ross: (following them into the kitchen) What are you guys doing?	no

 Ross: Look, would you guys grow up? That is the most natural beautiful thing in the world.	no

 Joey: Yeah, we know, but there's a baby suckin' on it.	no

 Ross: This is my son having lunch, ok? It's gonna happen a lot, so you'd better get used to it. Now if you have any problem with it, if you're uncomfortable, just ask questions. Carol's fine with it, now come on. (They go back into the living room)	no

 Ross: Carol?	no

 Joey: Uh, does it hurt?	no

 Joey: Chandler?	no

 Rachel: Yeah, I forget which ones.	no

 All: No thanks.	no

 Julie: (To Rachel) Oh, you're losin' your apron here, let me get it. There you go. (Ties it back up for her)	no

 Monica: Ok, um, I'll go with you.	no

 Julie: Great.	no

 Ross: (enters) Hi, honey.	no

 Chandler: Hey, sweetums.	no

 Ross: Hello to the rest.	no

 All:&nbsp; Hi!	no

 Monica: It's gonna be a problem, isn't it?	no

 Monica: But I'm...	no

 Phoebe: Monica, she will kill you. She will kill you like a dog in the street.	no

 Ross: (to Monica) So, uh, Jules tells me you guys are going shopping tomorrow?	no

 Monica: Yeah, uh, it's actually not that big a deal.	no

 Ross: It's a big deal to me. This is great, Monica. I really appreciate this.	no

 Phoebe: Woof, woof.	no

 Annabelle: Hey, Joey. So did you hear about the new guy?	no

 Joey: Who?	no

 Annabelle: I guess he doesn't know.	no

 Joey: Yeah. Bijan for men?	no

 Monica: Phoebe, listen. You were with me, and we were shopping all day.	no

 Phoebe: What?	no

 Monica: We were shopping, and we had lunch.	no

 Phoebe: Oh, all right. What did I have?	no

 Phoebe: Oh, no wonder I don't feel full.	no

 Rachel: (entering) Hey, guys, what's up.	no

 Rachel: Good, Pheebs. What'd you buy?	no

 Joey: (to a guy) Bijan for men? (to a guy) Bijan for men? (To a woman) Bijan for... (Sees it's a woman and stops.) (To Annabelle who walks up.) Hey, Annabelle, Uh, listen, I was wondering if maybe after work you and I could go maybe grab a cup of coffee.	no

 Annabelle: Oh, actually I sorta have plans. Hombre Man: (entering) Ready, Annabelle?	no

 Annabelle: You bet. (to Joey) Maybe some other time?	no

 Ross: Carol, we've been through this before, ok? We have a good time. We laugh, we play. It's like we're father and son.	no

 Susan: Honey, relax. Ross is great with him. (Ross looks at her.) Don't look so surprised. I'm a lovely person.	no

 Rachel: Oh, this is so cute.	no

 Susan: Oh, I got that for him.	no

 Ross: My mommies love me. That's clever.	no

 Rachel: Did you just say Hi, Jew?	no

 Monica: Yes. Uh, yes, I did. That was my friend, Eddie Moskowitz. Yeah, he likes it. Reaffirms his faith.	no

 Phoebe: Ben, dinner!	no

 Ross: Thanks Aunt Pheebs. Hey, you didn't microwave that, did you, because it's breast milk, and you're not supposed to do that.	no

 Chandler: What did you just do?	no

 Phoebe: I licked my arm, what?	no

 Ross: It's breast milk.	no

 Phoebe: So?	no

 Chandler: What did you just do?	no

 Phoebe: You won't even taste it?	no

 Ross: No!	no

 Phoebe: Not even if you just pretend that it's milk?	no

 Ross: Not even if Carol's breast had a picture of a missing child on it.	no

 Monica: Hey, where is everybody?	no

 Rachel: Mon, if uh you were at lunch alone, how come it cost you uh 53 dollars?	no

 Rachel: Monica, what is with you? Who'd you have lunch with?	no

 Monica: Judy.	no

 Rachel: Who?	no

 Monica: Julie.	no

 Rachel: What?!	no

 Monica: Jody!	no

 Rachel: You were with Julie?	no

 Rachel: Oh. Oh my God.	no

 Monica: Honey, wait. We only did it once. It didn't mean anything to me.	no

 Carol: How did we do?	no

 Ross: I did not freak out.	no

 Carol: Why'd you freak out?	no

 Ross: Because it's breast milk. It's gross.	no

 Carol: My breast milk is gross?	no

 Ross: No, no, Carol. There's nothing wrong with it. I just, I just don't think breast milk is for adults.	no

 Ross: (jumping away) That would be no.	no

 Phoebe: Come on. It doesn't taste bad.	no

 Joey: Yeah, it's kinda sweet, sorta like, uh...	no

 Susan: Cantaloupe juice.	no

 Joey: Exactly.	no

 Ross: (staring at Susan) You've tasted it? You've tasted it.	no

 Susan: Uh huh.	no

 Ross: Oh, you've tasted it.	no

 Susan: You can keep saying it, but it won't stop being true.	no

 Chandler: Howdy.	no

 Joey: (sitting on the otherside of the counter from Chandler) Gimme a box a juice. Well, they switched me over to Hombre.	no

 Joey: Yeah I guess you're right.	no

 Joey: I'm gonna do it. (He downs the juice in one swig again.)	no

 Monica: I don't know what else to say.	no

 Monica: I feel terrible, I really do.	no

 Monica: Rachel, (they go back inside) say that I'm friends with her, we spend some time together. Is that so terrible?	no

 Rachel: Yes.	no

 Monica: It's that terrible?	no

 Rachel: I love you too. (They hug.)	no

 Rachel: (crying) I'd do anything for you, you know that.	no

 Monica: (crying) I'd do anything for you. (They hug again.)	no

 Annabelle: (seeing the end result) My god, what happened?	no

 Joey: These new kids, they never last. Sooner or later, they all...stop lastin'. Listen, uh, what do you say I buy you that cup of coffee now?	no

 Annabelle: Sure. (They walk off into the sunset, at least a picture of one.)	no

 Julie: So.	no

 Rachel: So. I just thought the two of us should hang out for a bit. I mean, you know, we've never really talked. I guess you'd know that, being one of the two of us, though, right?	no

 Rachel: Really? Me?	no

 Rachel: Well, you're not totally paranoid.	no

 Julie: Oy.	no

 Julie: Thanks. Hey, listen, would you like to go to a movie sometime or something?	no

 Rachel: Yeah, that'd be great. I'd love it.	no

 Julie: I'd love it too. Shoot, I gotta go. So, I'll talk to you later.	no

 Rachel: All right, Julie.	no

 Julie: Bye. (Gets up.)	no

 CHANDLER: Hey.	no

 MONICA: So how was Joan?	no

 CHANDLER: I broke up with her.	no

 CHANDLER: They were huge. When she sneezed, bats flew out of them.	no

 RACHEL: Come on, they were not that huge.	no

 CHANDLER: You or me?	no

 JOEY: You guys are messin' with me, right?	no

 ALL: Yeah.	no

 PHOEBE: You name one woman that you broke up with for a real reason.	no

 CHANDLER: Maureen Rosilla.	no

 ROSS: Not hating Yanni is not a real reason. (knock)	no

 MONICA: Hello, Mr. Heckles. MR. HECKLES: You're doing it again.	no

 MONICA: We're not doing anything. MR. HECKLES: You're stomping. It's disturbing my birds.	no

 RACHEL: You don't have birds. MR. HECKLES: I could have birds.	no

 MONICA: Ok, Mr. Heckles, we'll try to keep it down. MR. HECKLES: Thank you. I'm going to rejoin my dinner party.	no

 RACHEL: All right, bye-bye.	no

 CHANDLER: Ok, Janice. Janice. You gotta give me Janice. That wasn't about being picky.	no

 ROSS: We'll give you Janice.	no

 PHOEBE: I miss Janice though. &quot;Hello, Chandler Bing.&quot;	no

 RACHEL: &quot;Oh, my, god.&quot;	no

 JOEY: &quot;Oh, Chandler, now, now, that's it. There, faster!&quot;	no

 RACHEL: We won. We won!	no

 MONICA: Mr. Heckles.	no

 MONICA: That's terrible. MR. TREEGER: I know. I was sweepin' yesterday. It coulda been me.ROSS: Sure, sweepin'. You never know. MR. TREEGER: You never know.	no

 PHOEBE: Ok, it's very faint, but I can still sense him in the building. Go into the light, Mr. Heckles!	no

 CHANDLER: Ok, Phoebe.	no

 JOEY: Such as?	no

 PHOEBE: Like crop circles, or the Bermuda triangle, or evolution?	no

 ROSS: Whoa, whoa, whoa. What, you don't, uh, you don't believe in evolution?	no

 PHOEBE: Nah. Not really.	no

 ROSS: You don't believe in evolution?	no

 PHOEBE: I don't know, it's just, you know...monkeys, Darwin, you know, it's a, it's a nice story, I just think it's a little too easy.	no

 ROSS: Too easy? Too...The process of every living thing on this planet evolving over millions of years from single-celled organisms, too easy?	no

 PHOEBE: Yeah, I just don't buy it.	no

 ROSS: Uh, excuse me. Evolution is not for you to buy, Phoebe. Evolution is scientific fact, like, like, like the air we breathe, like gravity.	no

 PHOEBE: Ok, don't get me started on gravity.	no

 ROSS: You uh, you don't believe in gravity?	no

 MONICA: Well, what about his family? MR. BOYLE: He didn't have any.	no

 RACHEL: Ok, so let's talk money. MR. BOYLE: All right, there was none. Let's talk signing. You be noisy girl number one, you be noisy girl number two.	no

 ROSS: How can you not believe in evolution?	no

 PHOEBE: Just don't. Look at this funky shirt!	no

 PHOEBE: Really? You can actually see it?	no

 ROSS: You bet. In the U.S., China, Africa, all over.	no

 PHOEBE: See, I didn't know that.	no

 ROSS: Well, there you go.	no

 PHOEBE: Huh. So now, the real question is, who put those fossils there, and why?	no

 CHANDLER: Hey, look at this. &quot;My Big Book of Grievances.&quot;	no

 JOEY: Hey, there's me! April 17th. Excessive noise. Italian guy comes homes with a date. Hey Chandler, look, you're in here too.	no

 MONICA: Rache, I think we have enough regular lamps.	no

 RACHEL: Well, what about my stuff?	no

 MONICA: You don't have any stuff.	no

 RACHEL: You still think of it as your apartment, don't you?	no

 MONICA: No.	no

 RACHEL: Yes you do. You think of it as your apartment, and I'm just somebody who rents a room.	no

 MONICA: Mmmmm.	no

 PHOEBE: Look, can't we just say that you believe in something, and I don't.	no

 ROSS: No, no, Pheebs, we can't, ok, because--	no

 JOEY: Check it out, check it out. Heckles' high school yearbook.	no

 PHOEBE: He's even kind of cute.	no

 JOEY: That's what it says.	no

 CHANDLER: Wow, Heckles was voted class clown, and so was I. He was right. Would you listen to that?	no

 PHOEBE: I'd call that excessive.	no

 CHANDLER: Whoa!	no

 JOEY: What?	no

 CHANDLER: I just think it's weird, you know? Heckles and me, Heckles, and me, me and Heckles...Would you knock it off?	no

 JOEY: Have you been here all night?	no

 JOEY: Chandler, come on, you're gonna find somebody.	no

 CHANDLER: How do you know that? How?	no

 JOEY: I don't know, I'm just tryin' to help you out.	no

 JOEY: You can come over and watch the Super Bowl. Every year, all right?	no

 CHANDLER: You know what? I'm not gonna end up like this. I'll see you man.	no

 JOEY: Supposably. Supposably. Did they go to the zoo? Supposably.	no

 CHANDLER: (on phone) Hi, it's me.	no

 JANICE: Oh, my, god.	no

 PHOEBE: Janice? You called Janice?	no

 CHANDLER: Yes, Janice. Why is that so difficult for you to comprehend?	no

 ROSS: You remember Janice, right?	no

 CHANDLER: Yes. She was smart, she was pretty, and she honestly cared about me. Janice is my last chance to have somebody.	no

 JANICE: Helloo!!	no

 CHANDLER: Oh, my, god!	no

 JOEY: Geez, look how fat she got.	no

 JANICE: Hey, it's everybody.	no

 CHANDLER: Janice, you're--	no

 JANICE: Yes, I am.	no

 CHANDLER: Is it--?	no

 CHANDLER: Congratulations.	no

 JANICE: Oh, sweetie, I'm sorry.	no

 CHANDLER: You couldn't have told me about this on the phone?	no

 JANICE: And what? Missed the expression on your face? Janice likes to have her fun.	no

 MONICA: Hey, Rache. You know what we haven't played in a while?	no

 RACHEL: What?	no

 RACHEL: Monica, let it go.	no

 MONICA: Did you know I was allergic to shellfish?	no

 RACHEL: Well, then, you'll just have to eat the other lamps.	no

 PHOEBE: I can't believe you caved.	no

 ROSS: What?	no

 MONICA: Phoebe, tell her!	no

 PHOEBE: Ok, I didn't see it, because I was putting on my jacket, but I uh want to believe you.	no

 RACHEL: Ok, you win.	no

 MONICA: Chandler, you're not gonna die alone.	no

 PHOEBE: Uh huh. Why is that?	no

 MONICA: You have got to get over this. You're not gonna end up alone.	no

 RACHEL: She's right. She's right. You are no different than the rest of them.	no

 MONICA: Wait a minute, wait a minute. Yes he is. You are totally different.	no

 CHANDLER: In a bad way?	no

 RACHEL: Yeah. You're not gonna end up alone.	no

 PHOEBE: Chandler, you called Janice! That's how much you wanted to be with someone!	no

 MONICA: You made it!	no

 PHOEBE: You're there!	no

 RACHEL: You are ready to make a commitment!	no

 MONICA: No. Um, I know you like this, and I want you to have it. I think it'll look good in our apartment.	no

 MONICA: That's fine.	no

 JOEY: Hey, uh, you can't recycle yearbooks, can you?	no

 CHANDLER: I'll take that.	no

 JOEY: You want his yearbook?	no

 JOEY: Oh, yeah.	no

 STRANGER: Hi.	no

 RACHEL: Hi, hi can I help you?	no

 STRANGER: Yeah, I'm looking for Phoebe, does she still live here?	no

 RACHEL: Uh, no she doesn't but I can, I can get a message to her.	no

 RACHEL: What? [in surprise she forgets she has the pigeon in the pot and lets it get away]	no

 STRANGER: Hey, how, how did you do that? OPENING TITLES	no

 JOEY: This is unbelievable Phoebs, how can you be married?	no

 MONICA: I can't believe you married Duncan. I mean how could you not tell me? We lived together, we told each other everything.	no

 PHOEBE: I'm sorry Monica but I knew if I told you, you'd get really, like, judgemental and you would not approve.	no

 ROSS: You see, and you thought she'd be judgemental.	no

 PHOEBE: OK, I wasn't in love with him and I was just helping out a friend.	no

 ALL: Huuh.	no

 MONICA: Well, didn't you?	no

 PHOEBE: I might have.	no

 MONICA: I can't believe you didn't tell me.	no

 PHOEBE: Oh, c'mon, like you tell me everything.	no

 MONICA: What have I not told you?	no

 RACHEL: What!	no

 MONICA: Oh it's not big, not at all, you know, kinda the same lines as, say, oh I don't know, having a third nipple.	no

 PHOEBE: You have a third nipple?	no

 CHANDLER: You bitch.	no

 ROSS: Whip it out, whip it out.	no

 CHANDLER: C'mon, there's nothin' to see, it's just a tiny bump, it's totally useless.	no

 JOEY: I can't believe you. You told me it was a nubbin.	no

 ROSS: Joey, what did you think a nubbin was?	no

 ALL: Yeah, show it. Show it. The nubbin, the nubbin, the nubbin.	no

 ALL: Huuh.	no

 ROSS: You were in a porno?	no

 ROSS: [to Chandler] So what's it shaped like?	no

 PHOEBE: Yeah, is there a hair on it?	no

 ROSS: So, uh, does it do anything, you know, special?	no

 JULIE: You know, in some cultures having a third nipple is actually a sign of virility. You get the best huts and women dance naked around you.	no

 ROSS: You know, you are so amazing, is there anything you, you don't know?	no

 ALL: Woah.	no

 CHANDLER: No, no the gravel capades. Yeah, the turns aren't as fast but when Snoopy falls. . . funny.	no

 ROSS: OK sweetie, I'll see you later.	no

 JULIE: See you later Rach.	no

 RACHEL: Hey.	no

 ROSS: Hey. [Ross kicks her again]	no

 RACHEL: Hey, c'mon, cut it out.	no

 ROSS: Hey?	no

 RACHEL: What?	no

 ROSS: Can I ask you somethin'?	no

 RACHEL: Sure.	no

 ROSS: Naa.	no

 RACHEL: What? C'mon, talk to me.	no

 ROSS: OK, what's the longest you've been in the relationship before ha, have, having the sex?	no

 RACHEL: Why? Who's not having. . . Are you and Julie not, are, are you and, are you and Julie not having sex?	no

 RACHEL: Wow. Is it, is it 'cause she's so cold in bed. Or, or is it 'cause she's like, kinda bossy, makes it feel like school?	no

 ROSS: No, no, she's great and it's not like we haven't done anything. I mean, uh, uh, we, we do plenty of other stuff, lot's of other stuff, like uhh. . .	no

 RACHEL: No, no, no, no I don't think it's weird, I think, I think umm, in fact, in fact you know what I think?	no

 ROSS: What?	no

 ROSS: Sexy?	no

 RACHEL: Let me tell you something. As a woman there is nothing sexier than a man who does not want to have sex.	no

 ROSS: No kidding?	no

 RACHEL: Oh yeah. In fact you know what I'd do?	no

 ROSS: What?	no

 RACHEL: I'd wait.	no

 ROSS: You'd wait?	no

 ROSS: Really?	no

 ROSS: Women really want this?	no

 PHOEBE: Hi.	no

 DUNCAN: Phoebe!	no

 PHOEBE: Ta-da.	no

 DUNCAN: Hey.	no

 PHOEBE: Hi.	no

 DUNCAN: Ahh, look at you, you look great.	no

 PHOEBE: Do I? Thank you, so do you.	no

 DUNCAN: Thanks.	no

 PHOEBE: Sparkly. So, wow, this is pretty wonerful, huh. Mr. major capades guy. I, I remember when you were just, like, King Friday in Mr. Roger's Ice is Nice.	no

 DUNCAN: You always said I'd make it.	no

 PHOEBE: Yeah, well, ya know, I'm kind of spooky that way. Wooo.	no

 DUNCAN: I missed you. [they hug] I'm gonna get changed.	no

 PHOEBE: OK.	no

 DUNCAN: Um, now. Phoebs.	no

 PHOEBE: Oh, right, OK. Ole.	no

 DUNCAN: What?	no

 PHOEBE: Um, the matador. [Duncan leaves] Ole, ha ha ha.	no

 ROSS: Julie, can you hold this for a second, thanks. [hands her a bowl and kisses her] [Chandler, Monica, Joey, and Rachel enter. Ross and Julie don't notice.]	no

 CHANDLER: Uh, Julie.	no

 JULIE: Yeah?	no

 ROSS: Hi everyone.	no

 ALL: Hi.	no

 RACHEL: Oh, God, no problem. So you're gonna go with the uh, waiting thing?	no

 ROSS: Well, I was going to, but after I talked to you, I talked to Joey.	no

 RACHEL: What did, what did he say?	no

 ROSS: Basically he told me to get over myself and just do it, ya know. So I though about what you said and I though about what he said and, well, his way I get to have sex tonight so. . .	no

 CHANDLER: What's this in my pocket? Why it's Joey's porno movie.	no

 JULIE: So is there like a story or do they just stard doing it right. . . oh, never mind.	no

 MONICA: All I say is, she better get the job.	no

 ROSS: Looks to me like he's the one getting the job.	no

 CHANDLER: Nice work my friend.	no

 JOEY: Thank you. Wait wait wait wait, you see me again. Hang on, the guy's butt's blockin' me. There I am, there I am, there I am, there I am, there I am. . .	no

 PHOEBE: So um, so what's up, you came to see me yesterday.	no

 DUNCAN: Oh, yeah, um, alright, I kinda need a divorce.	no

 PHOEBE: Ohh. . .K. How come?	no

 DUNCAN: Umm, actually, I'm getting married again.	no

 PHOEBE: What?	no

 DUNCAN: Oh God, I don't know how to tell you this. I'm straight.	no

 PHOEBE: Huuh.	no

 DUNCAN: Yeah, I know, I.	no

 PHOEBE: So how long have you known?	no

 PHOEBE: And um, and there's actually a, a woman?	no

 PHOEBE: Oh. Well is she, is she the first that you've been with?	no

 DUNCAN: Well, I've never told you this but, there were one or two times, back in college, when I'd get really drunk, go to a straight bar and wake up with a woman next to me. But I, I, I told myself it was the liquor and e-everyone experiments in college.	no

 PHOEBE: Sure.	no

 DUNCAN: But now I know I don't have a choice about this, I was born this way.	no

 DUNCAN: I'm, I'm still me.	no

 MONICA: You know, it still smells like monkey in there.	no

 RACHEL: No, no, I mean, no, c'mon you guys, I mean, c'mon look it's only eleven thirty. Let's just talk, we never just hang out and talk anymore.	no

 MONICA: Rachel, that's all we do.	no

 RACHEL: Maybe that's all we do, what about Julie?	no

 JULIE: What about Julie?	no

 JULIE: Well, that could take a while.	no

 RACHEL: So. I mean, who here does not have the time to get to know Julie?	no

 CHANDLER: I got the time to get to know Julie.	no

 JOEY: I got time.	no

 MONICA: Rach, I know her pretty well, can I go? [Rachel gives her a look from hell] That's fine.	no

 RACHEL: OK Julie, so now let's start with your childhood, what was that like?	no

 JULIE: Well, in a nutshell. . .	no

 RACHEL: Nah, uh, uh, uh, uh.	no

 PHOEBE: So, um, have you told your parents?	no

 DUNCAN: I love you Phoebe. [they hug and kiss]	no

 JULIE: And my second grade teacher was Ms. Thomas, and my first grade teacher was Mrs. Cobb.	no

 RAHCEL: Mrs., Mrs. Gobb?	no

 JOEY: Boy that Julie's a talker, huh?	no

 RACHEL: So, it's pretty late, you're probably uh, not still planning on. . .	no

 ROSS: Oh, no no, I am.	no

 RACHEL: Uh, OK, I mean uh, what, how are you gonna handle it. I mean, are, are ya gonna, are ya gonna talk about it before hand, are you just gonna pounce?	no

 RAHCEL: OK, gook luck.	no

 RACHEL: Nothing, I mean, um, it is your first time with her and, you know if the first time doesn't go well, well then that's, that's pretty darn hard to recover from.	no

 RACHEL: Maybe you should put it off.	no

 ROSS: No, no, I don't wanna put it off, I just, God I just, I spent last year being so unbelievably miserable, ya know, and now, now I'm actually happy. You know, I mean, really happy. I just, I just don't wanna, I don't wanna mess it up, ya know.	no

 RACHEL: I know, yeah, sorry.	no

 ROSS: What, it's not your fault.	no

 ROSS: Really?	no

 ROSS: [being drawn in by her talk] Uh-huh.	no

 RACHEL: Ohh, God. CLOSING CREDITS	no

 ROSS: Good morning. OLD WOMAN: Well, somebody got some last night.	no

 ROSS: Twice. END <!--webbot bot="ImageMap" startspan rectangle=" (138,3) (197, 84)  http://thecfsi.com/season2/205fsae.htm" rectangle=" (71,3) (129, 84)  http://thecfsi.com/season2.htm" rectangle=" (0,1) (58, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season2/203towhd.htm" src="contrl08.gif" width="194" height="60" alt="Contrl08.gif (14783 bytes)" --><!--webbot bot="ImageMap" i-checksum="18681" endspan -->	no

 ROSS: Man, I sure miss Julie.	no

 CHANDLER: No, see, I'm trying this new screening thing. You know, I figure if I'm always answering the phone, people'll think I don't have a life. My god, Rodrigo never gets pinned. (MACHINE--JOEY'S VOICE): Here comes the beep, you know what to do.	no

 CHANDLER: What?	no

 JADE: I got a little drunk...and naked.	no

 CHANDLER: Bob here.	no

 CHANDLER: (on phone) What've you been up to?	no

 CHANDLER: Can you hold on a moment? I have another call. (to Ross) I love her.	no

 ROSS: I know.	no

 CHANDLER: I'm back.	no

 JADE: So, are we gonna get together or what?	no

 JADE: Great, I'll see you then.	no

 ALL: Hi, Julie!	no

 CHANDLER: Look guys, I know it's a little steep.	no

 RACHEL: Yeah, whoosh!	no

 CHANDLER: But it's Ross.	no

 PHOEBE: It's Ross.	no

 JOEY: All right.	no

 ROSS: Ok, sweetheart, I'll call you later tonight. Whoa, whoa, whoa, hey, hey, hey, you're not really gonna go through with this, are you?	no

 CHANDLER: You know, I think I might just.	no

 RACHEL: So uh, what are you guys doing for dinner tonight?	no

 PHOEBE: Can you believe how much this is gonna cost?	no

 RACHEL: Do you guys ever get the feeling that um, Chandler and those guys just don't get that we don't make as much money as they do?	no

 JOEY: For Ross.	no

 RACHEL: For Ross, Ross, Ross.	no

 MONICA: (enters) Oh my god.	no

 RACHEL: Hey.	no

 JOEY: Hi.	no

 RACHEL: What?	no

 CHANDLER: We don't know Bob, ok? We know me. We like me. Please let me be happy.	no

 ROSS: Go over there and tell that woman the truth.	no

 CHANDLER: All right.	no

 ROSS: Go.	no

 CHANDLER: Hi.	no

 JADE: Hi.	no

 CHANDLER: Listen, I have to, uh, um, I have to, I have to confess something.	no

 JADE: Yes?	no

 JADE: How did you--?	no

 JADE: Thanks.	no

 ROSS: Ok, ok, here is to my sister, the newly-appointed head lunch chef--	no

 MONICA: Who is also in charge of purchasing.	no

 ROSS: Newly appointed head lunch chef who is also in charge of purchasing--	no

 ROSS: Uh, lunch chef, purchasing, own little desk when Roland's not there. Here's to my little sister--	no

 JOEY: Cool.	no

 PHOEBE: Let's see!	no

 ROSS: That's fine, I'll just wait!	no

 MONICA: Oh, sorry.	no

 JOEY: Sorry, sorry.	no

 ROSS: Monica! (glasses clinking)	no

 WAITER: Are we ready to order?	no

 RACHEL: Oh, you know what, we haven't even looked yet.	no

 PHOEBE: Wow, look at these prices.	no

 RACHEL: Yeah, these are pretty ch-ching.	no

 JOEY: What are these, like famous chickens?	no

 ROSS: Well, pretty incredible according to the message she left you on my machine. Hey, Chandler, why is this woman leaving a message for you on my machine?	no

 CHANDLER: Oh, see, I had to tell her that my number was your number, because I couldn't tell her that my number was my number because she thinks that my number is Bob's number.	no

 ROSS: Hey, tell me again, what do I do when Mr. Roper calls?	no

 WAITER: Do I dare ask?	no

 ROSS: That sounds great. Same for me.	no

 WAITER: And for the gentleman?	no

 JOEY: Yeah, I'll have the Thai chicken pizza. But, hey, look, if I get it without the nuts and leeks and stuff, is it cheaper?	no

 WAITER: You'd think, wouldn't you? Miss?	no

 WAITER: And for you?	no

 PHOEBE: Um, I'm gonna have a cup of the cucumber soup, and, um, take care.	no

 CHANDLER: I will have the uh, Cajun catfish.	no

 WAITER: Anything else?	no

 RACHEL: Um, everyone?	no

 ROSS: Oh, you're right, I'm sorry.	no

 ROSS: Monica's big night, she shouldn't pay.	no

 PHOEBE: No, huh uh, no way, I'm sorry, not gonna happen.	no

 ROSS: Ok, Pheebs! How 'bout we'll each just pay for what we had. It's no big deal.	no

 PHOEBE: Not for you.	no

 PHOEBE: Fine. All right, fine.	no

 JOEY: Yeah.	no

 CHANDLER: You can tell us.	no

 ROSS: Hello, it's us, all right? It'll be fine.	no

 JOEY: Ok, um, uh, we three feel like, that uh, sometimes you guys don't get that uh, we don't have as much money as you.	no

 MONICA: Ok.	no

 ROSS: I hear ya.	no

 PHOEBE: Well, then...Let's.	no

 RACHEL: That's 'cause you have it.	no

 ROSS: That's a good point.	no

 JOEY: 'Cause it's always somethin', you know, like Monica's new job, or the whole Ross's birthday hoopla.	no

 RACHEL: Basically, there's the thing, and then there's the stuff after the thing.	no

 MONICA: If it makes anybody feel better, then we can just forget the thing, and we'll just do the gift.	no

 ROSS: G-gift? The thing's not the gift?	no

 CHANDLER: No, the thing was, we were gonna go see Hootie and the Blowfish.	no

 PHOEBE: No, now I feel bad. You wanna go to the concert.	no

 ROSS: No, look, hey, it's my birthday, and the important thing is that we all be together.	no

 MONICA: All of us.	no

 CHANDLER: Together.	no

 ROSS: Not at the concert.	no

 RACHEL: Ok.	no

 JOEY: Yeah.	no

 RACHEL: Thank you.	no

 JOEY: Thanks.	no

 PHOEBE: Yeah.	no

 CHANDLER: Gee, Monica, what's in the bag?	no

 PHOEBE: Oh, it's like a skit.	no

 MONICA: Why, it's dinner for six. 5 steaks, and an eggplant for Phoebe.	no

 PHOEBE: Cool.	no

 ROSS: But wait, there's more. Hey, Chandler, what is in the envelope?	no

 CHANDLER: By the way, this didn't seem so dorky in the hall.	no

 ROSS: Come on.	no

 CHANDLER: Why, it's six tickets to Hootie and the Blowfish! The Blowfish!	no

 PHOEBE: So...Thank you.	no

 ROSS: Could you be less enthused?	no

 JOEY: Look, it's a nice gesture, it is. But it just feels like--	no

 MONICA: Like?	no

 ROSS: We're just tryin' to do a nice thing here.	no

 RACHEL: Ross, you have to understand that your nice thing makes us feel this big.	no

 PHOEBE: Actually, it makes us feel that big.	no

 ROSS: I don't, I don't understand. I mean, you, it's like we can't win with you guys.	no

 RACHEL: Ok, we never shoulda talked about this.	no

 RACHEL: Me neither.	no

 JOEY: Me too.	no

 MONICA: Guys, we bought the tickets.	no

 MONICA: Well, I guess now we can't go.	no

 RACHEL: What? Come on, you do what you want to do. Do we always have to do everything together?	no

 MONICA: You know what? You're right.	no

 PHOEBE: Fine.	no

 ROSS: Fine.	no

 JOEY: Fine.	no

 CHANDLER: Fine.	no

 RACHEL: Fine.	no

 MONICA: All right. We're gonna go. It's not for another six hours. We're gonna go then.	no

 ROSS: Chandler!	no

 CHANDLER: Yeah?	no

 ROSS: Geez! Are you ready?	no

 ROSS: Whoa! You had sex today?	no

 ROSS: Wow.	no

 CHANDLER: Now I know it's been awhile, but I took it as a good sign. (phone rings)	no

 ROSS: Still doing the screening thing?	no

 CHANDLER: Bob here.	no

 JADE: Oh, hi.	no

 CHANDLER: So, uh, you met someone, huh?	no

 JADE: Yes, yes, I did. In fact, I had sex with him 2 hours ago.	no

 CHANDLER: So, uh, how was he?	no

 JADE: Eh.	no

 CHANDLER: Eh?	no

 JADE: Oh, Bob, he was nothing compared to you. I had to bite my lip to keep from screaming your name.	no

 CHANDLER: Well, that makes me feel so good.	no

 JADE: It was just so awkward and bumpy.	no

 JADE: Well there really wasn't much time to get used to it, you know what I mean? (at the concert)	no

 ROSS: Yeah, I know, it's my birthday. We all should be here.	no

 ROSS: Well maybe, you know, maybe we should stay for one song.	no

 CHANDLER: Yeah, I mean, it would be rude to them for us to leave now.	no

 MONICA: You know, the guys are probably having a great time. (at Monica and Rachel's)	no

 JOEY: Come on you guys, one more time.	no

 PHOEBE: Ok. One.	no

 MONICA: That was amazing!	no

 ROSS: Excellent, that was excellent.	no

 ROSS: What guys? Oh, yeah.	no

 CHANDLER: Chandler.	no

 STEVE: How are you? Look, you guys wanna meet the group? Come on. So, are you one of the ones who fooled around with my dad? (at Central Perk)	no

 RACHEL: Happy birthday.	no

 ROSS: Oh, thank you, thanks. So uh, how was your night last night?	no

 RACHEL: Oh, well, it pretty much sucked. How was yours?	no

 RACHEL: Oh yeah. I used to babysit him. Hey, how's his dad?	no

 MONICA: Uh, good.	no

 CHANDLER: Yeah, we really missed you guys.	no

 JOEY: Yeah, look, we were just saying, this whole thing is really stupid.	no

 PHOEBE: We just have to really, really, really, not let stuff like money get--is that a hickey?	no

 RACHEL: On someone's lips? Where'd you get the hickey?	no

 MONICA: You know, a party, or--	no

 RACHEL: What party?	no

 JOEY: You partied with Hootie and the Blowfish?	no

 RACHEL: Oh!	no

 PHOEBE: Oh! I can't believe it. I can't believe this. We're just like, sitting at home, trying to guess Joey's fingers, and you guys are out like partying and having fun, and you know, all, &quot;hey, Blowfish, suck on my neck&quot;.	no

 ROSS: Look, don't blame us. You guys coulda been there, you know.	no

 MONICA: It's work.	no

 JOEY: And we don't work hard?	no

 MONICA: (on phone) Yeah, hi, it's Monica. I just got a page.	no

 JOEY: And you feel like we hold you back.	no

 CHANDLER: Yes.	no

 RACHEL: Oh!	no

 CHANDLER: No.	no

 PHOEBE: Oh. (Everyone goes over to comfort Monica)	no

 JOEY: Let me get that. (to Chandler) You got five bucks?	no

 MONICA: Who da wenny-Benny boy? You the Wenny-wenny-Benny-Benny boy, yes. Don't cry. Don't cry. Why is he still crying?	no

 MONICA: Maye it's me.	no

 ROSS: Don't be silly. Ben loves you. He's just being Mr. Crankypants.	no

 ROSS: There we go. All better. (gives Ben back to Monica)	no

 JOEY: Cool.	no

 MONICA: He hates me. My nephew hates me.	no

 ROSS: Come on, don't do this.	no

 MONICA: What if my own baby hates me? Huh? What am I gonna do then?	no

 JOEY: Goo, goo, goo, waaah!	no

 JOEY: Are you ok, Ross?	no

 MONICA: Uh, I don't know, butter, eggs, flour, lime, kiwi--	no

 MONICA: No I didn't, I said kiwi lime. That's what makes it so special.	no

 ROSS: And that's what's gonna kill me. I'm allergic to kiwi.	no

 MONICA: No you're not. You're, you're allergic to lobster and peanuts and--oh my god.	no

 ROSS: Ugh.	no

 MONICA: Oh my god.	no

 ROSS: Ugh. It's definitely getting worse.	no

 MONICA: Is your tongue swelling up?	no

 ROSS: Either that or my mouth is getting smaller.	no

 MONICA: All right, get your coat, we're going to the hospital.	no

 JOEY: Is he gonna be ok?	no

 MONICA: Yeah, he's just gotta get a shot.	no

 ROSS: You know, you know, actually it's getting better. It is. It is. Let's not go. Anyone for Thcrabble?	no

 MONICA: Jacket now.	no

 ROSS: What about Ben? We can't bring a baby to a hospital.	no

 CHANDLER: We'll watch him.	no

 ROSS: I don't think tho.	no

 JOEY: Hat, milk, got it.	no

 ROSS: ??? (speech garbled) Thro up a thro thro--a thro thro!	no

 JOEY: Consider it done.	no

 CHANDLER: You understood that?	no

 JOEY: Yeah, my uncle Sal has a really big tongue.	no

 RACHEL: Ok.	no

 PHOEBE: (singing) I'm in the shower and I'm writing a song. Stop me if you've heard it. My skin is soapy, and my hair is wet, and Tegrin spelled backward is Nirget.	no

 RACHEL: What's up?	no

 RACHEL: But what about Phoebe?	no

 TERRY: Uh--	no

 PHOEBE: (singing) Lather, rinse, repeat, and lather, rinse, repeat, and lather, rinse, repeat, as needed. (Chandler and Joey are loaded down with baby stuff, and Ben)	no

 JOEY: It's gonna be worth it. It's a known fact that women love babies, all righ? Women love guys who love babies. It's that whole sensitive thing. Quick, aim him at that pack o' babes over there. Maybe one of them will break away. No, no wait, for get them, we got one, hard left. All right, gimme the baby.	no

 CHANDLER: No, I got him.	no

 JOEY: No, seriously.	no

 CHANDLER: Oh, seriously you want him?	no

 CAROLINE: Hello.	no

 BOYS: Hello.	no

 CHANDLER: Well, don't, don't think me immodest, but, me?	no

 JOEY: You wanna smell him?	no

 JOEY: Oh, yeah. He's got that great baby smell. Get a whiff of his head.	no

 JOEY: (to Chandler) What'd I tell you? What'd I tell you?	no

 CAROLINE: I think it's great you guys are doing this.	no

 CHANDLER: Well, we are great guys.	no

 RACHEL: Honey, I'm sorry.	no

 PHOEBE: Yeah, ok. You probably did everything you could.	no

 TERRY: I, I don't know.	no

 RACHEL: Of course I clean it. I mean, I,I will cleeeean it. I mean, I will cleeeean it.	no

 TERRY: Oh, all right, fine, fine, fine.	no

 RACHEL: Done.	no

 PHOEBE: Really?	no

 PHOEBE: Oh! Oh my god. This is so exciting. How much am I gonna get?	no

 RACHEL: What?	no

 PHOEBE: Well you said that he's paying the people who are playing.	no

 RACHEL: Oh, no, no no. I meant that he's gonna be paying that other woman beause she's a professional.	no

 PHOEBE: Well, I'm not gonna be the only one who's not getting paid.	no

 RACHEL: Well, but Pheebs.	no

 ROSS: Well, there's no way I'm gonna get a shot. Maybe they can take the needle and thquirt it into my mouth, you know, like a thquirt gun.	no

 DOCTOR: Hello, there. I'm Dr. Carlin. I see someone's having an allergic reaction.	no

 ROSS: Did you tell him about my thquirt gun idea?	no

 DOCTOR: No, under these circumstances it has to be an injection, and it has to be now.	no

 ROSS: Tho? (Monica shakes her head.)	no

 ROSS: Ohhh.	no

 ROSS: Ok.	no

 JOEY: Hey, hey, look at that talent.	no

 CHANDLER: Ok, but can you tell him that, because he thinks he's too pink. GIRL 2 ON BUS: So what are you guys out doing today?	no

 JOEY: Yeah. GIRL 1: Oh, there's our stop.	no

 JOEY: Get outta here. This is our stop too. GIRL 2: You guys live around here too?	no

 JOEY: Oh, yeah, yeah, sure. We live in the building by the uh sidewalk.	no

 CHANDLER: You know it?	no

 JOEY: Hey, look, since we're neighbors and all, what do you say we uh, get together for a drink? GIRL 1: So uh, you wanna go to Marquel's?	no

 PHOEBE: Oh yeah, so you know D?	no

 PHOEBE: Ok, do you know A minor?	no

 PHOEBE: Ok, do you know how to go from D to A minor?	no

 PHOEBE: Ok. Um, so does your guitar have a strap?	no

 RACHEL: Ok, everybody, let's give a uh nice warm Central Perk welcome to--	no

 PHOEBE: (singing angrily) Terry's a jerk, and he won't let me work, and I hate Central Perk!	no

 PHOEBE: (singing/screaming) You're all invited to bite me! CHANDLER AND JOEY: Hi. We're the guys who called about the baby. We left the baby on ths bus. Is he here? Is he here? TRANSIT AUTHORITY GUY: He's here. (Chandler and Joey hug each other in relief) I'm assuming one of you is the father.	no

 CHANDLER: That's me.	no

 JOEY: I'm him.	no

 CHANDLER: Please tell me you know which one is our baby.	no

 JOEY: Well, well that one has ducks on his t-shirt, and this one has clowns. And Ben was definitely wearing ducks.	no

 CHANDLER: Ok.	no

 JOEY: Yeah.	no

 JOEY: Ahh!	no

 JOEY: You got a better idea?	no

 CHANDLER: All right, call it in the air.	no

 JOEY: Heads.	no

 JOEY: Yes! Whew!	no

 JOEY: Right. Ok, ok, uh, ducks is heads, because ducks have heads.	no

 RACHEL: Hey.	no

 PHOEBE: Oh, hi.	no

 RACHEL: Here. I thought you might be cold.	no

 PHOEBE: Thank you.	no

 RACHEL: Whoa, look at you, you did pretty well.	no

 RACHEL: Do you?	no

 RACHEL: Well, people missed you in there. And in fact, there was actually a request for &quot;Smelly Cat&quot;.	no

 PHOEBE: Really? From who?	no

 PHOEBE: Yeah. Here you go.	no

 ROSS: I just wanna thank you for being there for me today. And I'm sorry I,I almost broke your hand.	no

 MONICA: That's ok. I'm sorry I poisoned you.	no

 ROSS: Yeah. Hey, remember the time I jammed that pencil into your hand?	no

 MONICA: Remember it? What do you think this is, a freckle?	no

 ROSS: Oh.	no

 MONICA: No. But I remember people telling me about it.	no

 ROSS: I hope Ben has a little sister.	no

 MONICA: Yeah. I hope she can kick his ass.	no

 MONICA: That was you?	no

 ROSS: They, uh, were infected. He wouldn't have made it.	no

 MONICA: Aw, my little nephew. Come here, little one. There's my little baby Ben. Hey, my little boy. Hey, he's not crying.	no

 ROSS: I'm here. How's my little boy? Want Daddy to change your diaper? So, did you have fun with Uncle Joey and Uncle Chandler today?	no

 JOEY: Oh, yeah, he rode the bus today.	no

 CHANDLER: You, you are gonna love this.	no

 ROSS: Will you hold Ben for a sec? Come here. Come here.	no

 CHANDLER: Stay back, I've got kiwi. Run, Joey, Run!	no

 PHOEBE: No, no, no. I'm sorry. It's &quot;smelly cat, smel-ly cat&quot;.	no

 STEPHANIE: Smelly cat, smel-ly cat...	no

 PHOEBE: Better. Yeah.	no

 PHOEBE: Yeah, much better. And you know what, don't feel bad, because it's a hard song.	no

 PHOEBE: You wanna try it again?	no

 PHOEBE: Mmmm hmmm.	no

 PHOEBE: That's too much. Sorry. END <!--webbot bot="ImageMap" startspan rectangle=" (139,3) (197, 84)  http://thecfsi.com/season2/207rofo.htm" rectangle=" (71,2) (130, 84)  http://thecfsi.com/season2.htm" rectangle=" (1,3) (56, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season2/205fsae.htm" src="thecfsi.com/contrl08.gif" width="194" height="60" alt="contrl08.gif (14783 bytes)" --><!--webbot bot="ImageMap" i-checksum="20769" endspan -->	no

 RACH: So, how was the party?	no

 PHOE: No, you are not, you are very attractive. You know what, I go through the exact same thing. Every time I put on a little weight, I start questioning everyting.	no

 PHOE: No, not wieght... y'know, more like insulation.	no

 MNCA: Please.	no

 ALL: C'mon. Let her. Yeah.	no

 MNCA: Nothing, just never seen you in little stretchy pants before.	no

 MNCA: C'mon give me five more. Five more.	no

 MNCA: Five more and I'll flash you.	no

 PHOE: Oh, um, it was nice. Took him to a romantic restraunt, ordered champagne, nice.	no

 JOEY: The guy still won't put out, huh?	no

 PHOE: Nope. Zilch, nothin', uh-uh.	no

 ALL: Sorry Phoebs.	no

 JOEY: Maybe he, uhh... drives his car on the other side of the road, if ya know what I mean.	no

 JOEY: Maybe he's. . . gay.	no

 RACH: Yeah, but how much can you tell from a look?	no

 PHOE: No, I felt it on my hip. You could tell. [Monica enters.]	no

 PHOE: [seeing Ross kissing Julie outside the window] Ooh, oh, Rachel, don't look.	no

 RACH: What? [looks, feigns indifference] C'mon you guys, I don't care, I have a date tonight.	no

 JOEY: Woah, woah, woah, you have a date?	no

 RACH: Yeah, Monica's settin' me up.	no

 JOEY: But uh, uh, what about uh, Ross and uh. . .?	no

 RACH: Oh what, my whole insane jealousy thing? Well, y'know, as much fun as that was, I've decided to opt for sanity.	no

 ROSS: Hi guys.	no

 ALL: Hey.	no

 MNCA: Only if you say his full name.	no

 MNCA: Alright.	no

 ROSS: Uh, actually, we're getting a cat.	no

 RACH: Together?	no

 ROSS: Uh huh.	no

 RACH: Both of you?	no

 ROSS: Yep.	no

 RACH: Together.	no

 JULIE: Yeah, we figure it'll live with Ross half the time, and with me half the time.	no

 ROSS: Hopefully.	no

 RACH: [distracted] How long do cats live?	no

 MICH: [confused] I'm sorry?	no

 RACH: Cats, how long do they live figuring you don't... y'know, throw 'em under a bus or something?	no

 RACH: Oh, right, clink. [downs her glass]	no

 RACH: Oh, no, Michael, it's not you. I'm sorry, it's just, it's this thing. It's probably not as bad as it sounds but this friend of mine is, is getting a cat with his girlfriend.	no

 MICH: Oh, that does sound. . .Ahh.	no

 RACH: I mean he just started going out with her.	no

 MICH: Is this guy, uhh, an old boyfriend?	no

 MICH: Alright.	no

 PHOE: So, I figured it out.	no

 JOEY: What?	no

 JOEY: Phoebs look, if you want to know what the deal is, you're just gonna have to ask him.	no

 MICH: Fruitflies?	no

 RACH: Yes! Thank you. [The waiter comes to the table.]	no

 WAITER: So, would you like any dessert?	no

 MICH: No! No dessert, just a check, please.	no

 RACH: Oh, you're not having fun, are you?	no

 RACH: Oh, look at me, look at me. Oh, I'm on a date with a really great guy, all I can think about is Ross and his cat and his... Julie. I just want to get over him. gosh, why can't I do that?	no

 MICH: Oy. Look, I've been through a divorce, trust me you're gonna be fine. You just can't see it now because you haven't had any closure.	no

 RACH: Yeah! Closure. That's what it is, that's what I need. God, you're brilliant! Why didn't I think of that? How do I get that?	no

 MICH: Well, you know, there's no one way really, it's just, you know, whatever it takes so that you can finally say to him, &quot;I'm over you.&quot;	no

 RACH: Hello, excuse me.	no

 RACH: Hi, I'm sorry, I need to borrow your phone for just one minute.	no

 RACH: I can see that. I... just one phone call, I'll be very quick, I'll even pay for it myself. [man is still reluctant] OK, you're bein' a little weird about your phone.	no

 RACH: Thank you. OK. [dials] [to Michael] Machine. Just waiting for the beep.	no

 MICH: Good.	no

 MNCA: Why not?	no

 MNCA: OK, if you say stop, then we stop.	no

 ROSS: Hey Rach.	no

 RACH: Ahhhh.	no

 ROSS: Oh. And how was the date?	no

 RACH: I don't know, I, I feel like I had a dream about you last night but I, I don't remember.	no

 RACH: Did we speak on the phone last night? Did you call me?	no

 RACH: Huh.	no

 ROSS: Oh, actually I haven't even been home yet. Do you mind if I check my messages?	no

 RACH: Oh yeah, go ahead. [Rachel walks in her room. Ross picks up the phone and dials his machine to check his messages.]	no

 ROSS: Rach, I got a message from you. [pauses] Who's Michael? [Rachel comes out of her room, suddenly she remembers leaving the message.]	no

 ROSS: You're over me?	no

 RACH: Ohhhhhhhh God. [climbs off his back]	no

 RACH: Ohh, ohh.	no

 ROSS: When, when were you... under me? Rach. Rachel do you, I mean, were you, uh. . . What?	no

 ROSS: You've had feelings for me?	no

 RACH: Yeah, what, so? You had feelings for me first.	no

 ROSS: Woah. Huh. You know about my, I mean, you know I had... you know?	no

 RACH: Chandler told me.	no

 ROSS: Chandler. When did he... when did he... when did he?	no

 RACH: When you were in China.	no

 ROSS: China.	no

 RACH: Are you over me? [A moment of silence.]	no

 ROSS: [perky] I'll be right down.	no

 RACH: Wait, so, you're going?	no

 ROSS: Well, OK, I uh, I have to. I can't deal with this right now. I mean, I've uh, y'know, I've got a cab, I've got a girlfriend, I'm... I'm gonna go get a cat.	no

 RACH: OK, OK.	no

 ROSS: Cat. [leaves]	no

 PHOE: Hey Joey.	no

 JOEY: Hey Phoebs.	no

 PHOE: So, Scott asked me to come over for lunch today and I did.	no

 JOEY: And?	no

 PHOE: And we did.	no

 JOEY: All right Phoebs, way to go.	no

 PHOE: Yay me.	no

 JOEY: So, so how did it happen?	no

 PHOE: Well, I finally took your advice and asked him what was going on.	no

 JOEY: And what did he say?	no

 PHOE: He said that, um, he understands how sex can be like, a very emotional thing for a woman and he was just afraid that I was gonna get all, y'know, like, 'ohh, is he gonna call me the next day' and, y'know, 'where is this going' and, ya know, blah-la-la-la-la. So he said he wanted to hold off until he was prepared to be really serious.	no

 JOEY: Wow.	no

 PHOE: Um-hum.	no

 RACH: Hi.	no

 ROSS: I didn't get a cat.	no

 RACH: Oh, that's um, interesting.	no

 ROSS: No, no it's not interesting. OK, it's very, very not interesting. In fact it's actually 100 percent completely opposite of interesting.	no

 RACH: Alright, I got it Ross.	no

 ROSS: You had no right to tell me you ever had feelings for me.	no

 RACH: [hurt] What?	no

 ROSS: Then you should have said something before I met her.	no

 RACH: I didn't know then. And how come you never said anything to me.	no

 ROSS: There was never a good time.	no

 ROSS: Not, not, not every night. You know, and... and it's not like I didn't try, Rachel, but things got in the way, y'know? Like, like Italian guys or ex-fiances or, or, or Italian guys.	no

 RACH: Hey, there was one Italian guy, OK, and do you even have a point?	no

 RACH: Alright, fine, you go ahead and you do that, alright Ross.	no

 ROSS: Fine.	no

 ROSS: Good.	no

 RACH: Good. [Ross leaves] [Rachel gets up and opens the door, yelling after him.]	no

 ROSS: Try the bottom one. [She opens the door and they kiss.]	no

 MNCA: Ooh, what'cha gonna do, fat boy, huh? What?	no

 MNCA: Well, thanks.	no

 MNCA: Well, you know.	no

 MNCA: [sad] Uh-huh.	no

 MNCA: Well no, but um.	no

 MNCA: Y'know, I try to stay positive. . .	no

 MNCA: Alright.	no

 MNCA: OK. Just for a little while.	no

 RACH: Ross kissed me.	no

 MNCA: Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god!	no

 RACH: It was unbelievable!	no

 MNCA: Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god!	no

 PHOE: Ok, all right. We want to hear everything. Monica, get the wine and unplug the phone. Rachel, does this end well or do we need to get tissues?	no

 RACH: Oh, it ended very well.	no

 PHOE: Oh.	no

 MNCA: [getting the wine] Do not start without me. Do not start without me.	no

 PHOE: Ok, all right, let's hear about the kiss. Was it like, was it like a soft brush against your lips? Or was it like a, you know, a &quot;I gotta have you now&quot; kind of thing?	no

 RACH: No, actually first they started on my waist. And then, they slid up, and then, they were in my hair.	no

 ROSS: And, uh, and then I kissed her.	no

 JOEY: Tongue?	no

 ROSS: Yeah.	no

 JOEY: Cool. Opening Credits	no

 MNCA: [reading the paper] There are no jobs. There are no jobs for me.	no

 JOEY: [reading over her shoulder] Wait, here's one. Uh, would you be willing to cook naked?	no

 JOEY: No, but if you're willing to cook naked, then you might be willing to dance naked. And then... [rubs his fingers together] [Ross enters, distraught.]	no

 ROSS: Hi.	no

 MNCA: Wait a minute. I thought last night was great.	no

 ROSS: Yeah, it was, but...I get home, ok, and I see Julie's saline solution on my night table. And I'm thinking to myself, oh my god, what the hell am I doing? I mean, here I am, I am with Julie, this incredible, great woman, who I care about and who cares about me, and I'm like, what, am I just gonna throw all that away?	no

 MNCA: We are talking about Rachel here. You and Rachel.	no

 RACH: [to Ross] Hey, you.	no

 ROSS: How are you?	no

 RACH: Good. How are you?	no

 ROSS: Good. [Julie enters.]	no

 JULIE: Hi, honey.	no

 JULIE: Good.	no

 PHOE: Oh, well, actually.	no

 ROSS: [impatient] Play it.	no

 PHOE: Ok, all right.	no

 JOEY: Hey, Julie, I didn't know you wore lenses.	no

 JULIE: What?	no

 ROSS: [to Joey] Ssshh.	no

 RTST: This is a nice resume. Nice, nice, nice. Muy impressivo.	no

 RTST: Mockolate.	no

 MNCA: I'm sorry?	no

 MNCA: Ohh. [He pulls out a piece of Mockolate.]	no

 RTST: Yeah?	no

 PHOE: No offense, but that sounds nothing like her.	no

 ROSS: Can't we just use a pen?	no

 ROSS: I don't know.	no

 JOEY: Oh, her ankles are a little chubby.	no

 ROSS: [long pause] She's not Rachel.	no

 RACH: Oh my god.	no

 MNCA: Oh my god good?	no

 RACH: Oh my god, I can't believe you let me put this in my mouth. [Rachel runs to the sink to spit it out.]	no

 ROSS: Yes, it was horrible. She cried. I cried. She threw things, they hit me. Anyway, I did the right thing.	no

 RACH: Hey, do you guys have...[sees Ross, pauses]...hi.	no

 ROSS: Hi.	no

 ROSS: I uh, I just got back from uh, from Julie's.	no

 RACH: [dejected] Oh.	no

 ROSS: No, no, uh, it's not what you think. It's um the other thing.	no

 RACH: Well, what's the other thing, what do I think? [Joey is looking at Rachel, smiling, and gesturing his head towards Ross.]	no

 ROSS: Well, uh.	no

 JOEY: He broke up with Julie. Well, go hug her, for god's sakes.	no

 RACH: Really?	no

 ROSS: Really. It's always been you, Rach. [Ross and Rachel hug.]	no

 RACH: Oh, god.	no

 RACH: Oh, oh, this is good, this is really good.	no

 ROSS: I know, I know, it's, it's almost...[turns around, sees Chandler and Joey] What do you say we go take a walk, just us, not them?	no

 RACH: Let me get my coat.	no

 ROSS: Ok. No, hey, whoa, whoa, I'll get your coat. [Ross leaves.]	no

 RACH: What's that? What? I saw my name. What is it?	no

 RACH: Well what is it? Let me see. [Ross walks back in, Rachel's coat in hand.]	no

 ROSS: Hey, someone order a coat?	no

 ROSS: He won't? [remembers what it is] He won't! Because, isn't that, isn't that the, the short story you were writing?	no

 RACH: Come on.	no

 JOEY: Hey, uh, why don't you read it to her? [Ross and Chandler stare angrily at Joey, who thinks he has come up with a good idea.]	no

 ROSS: That's it? That's all you wrote? You're the worst writer in the whole world.	no

 RACH: All right, you know what? This isn't funny anymore. There's something about me on that piece of paper and I want to see it.	no

 ROSS: No, you don't.	no

 RACH: All right, you know what, that's fine. If you guys want to be children about this, that's fine. I do not need to see it. [Rachel grabs the paper and runs across the room, reading it to herself.]	no

 RACH: What is this? Ross, what is this?	no

 ROSS: Ok, just, just remember how crazy I am about you, ok?	no

 RACH: Just a waitress?	no

 ROSS: No, that, that was, I mean, as opposed to uh, the uh, ok. Is this over yet Rach?	no

 RACH: Oh! I do not have chubby ankles! [Rachel leaves, and Ross follows her into the hall.]	no

 ROSS: No, no, wait, ok, ok, look at the other side. Look at Julie's column.	no

 ROSS: No, Rach, come on. Rach! Rach, no, no! She's not Rachel, she is, she is not, Ra--Rachel?	no

 JOEY: Hey, cut him some slack. It was Chandler's idea.	no

 PHOE: What?	no

 MNCA: What?	no

 MNCA: This was your idea?	no

 PHOE: What were you thinking?	no

 MNCA: Yeah. You!	no

 RACH: Not interested. [Rachel closes the drapes over the window, goes into her bedroom and closes the door.]	no

 ROSS: Number six: the way you smell.	no

 ROSS: Hey, Joey. You wanna open the window?	no

 JOEY: Oh, yeah, I do. [He opens the window, Ross comes in, soaked.]	no

 ROSS: I am, uh, I am...	no

 ROSS: Rach, come on, open up. Rach, come on, come on, Rach. You got to give me another chance. [Rachel opens the door.]	no

 RACH: No.	no

 ROSS: No?	no

 RACH: That's what I said.	no

 RACH: No, you guys, you really don't have to go, we're done talking.	no

 ROSS: Rach, come on, look, I know how you must feel.	no

 ROSS: No, but, but I wanna be with you in spite of all those things.	no

 RTST: Doesn't matter.	no

 MNCA: What?	no

 MNCA: Oh, gosh, I'm sorry.	no

 MNCA: Well, uh, I ate some.	no

 MNCA: Hello? [Ross is at his apartment.]	no

 ROSS: Hi.	no

 MNCA: [to Ross] Listen, I... I don't think this is the best time.	no

 ROSS: Look, can, can you do something for me?	no

 RTST: Hi, thanks for coming in again.	no

 MNCA: Oh, not at all. I have no morals and I need the cash.	no

 MNCA: Cat hair.	no

 RTST: Oh, sorry. END <!--webbot bot="ImageMap" startspan rectangle=" (138,1) (197, 83)  http://thecfsi.com/season2/209towpd.htm" rectangle=" (70,2) (132, 83)  http://thecfsi.com/season2.htm" rectangle=" (1,3) (56, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season2/207rofo.htm" src="contrl08.gif" width="194" height="60" alt="contrl08.gif (14783 bytes)" --><!--webbot bot="ImageMap" i-checksum="34182" endspan -->	no

 JOEY: Hey.	no

 CHANDLER: Hey.	no

 RACHEL: Hey.	no

 JOEY: Hey, how much did you guys tip the super this year?	no

 CHANDLER: And twenty-five it is.	no

 JOEY: You gave him cookies?	no

 MONICA: Money is so impersonal. Cookies says someone really cares. . . Alright, we're broke, but cookies do say that.	no

 CHANDLER: Phoebs, let me ask you something, were, were these, uh, funny brownies?	no

 PHOEBE: Not especially. But you know what, I think they had pot in them.	no

 JOEY: Oh my God.	no

 RACHEL: What?	no

 RACHEL: Ooh, goooosh, ooh, these are cookies smashed in the sports section.	no

 JOEY: I can't believe it's Christmas already. Ya know, I mean, one day your eatin' turkey, the next thing ya know, your lords are a-leapin' and you geese are a-layin'.	no

 ROSS: Hey guys. CHANDLER, MONICA, and JOEY: Hey. [Ross approaches Rachel at counter.]	no

 ROSS: Hey guys. CHANDLER, MONICA, and JOEY: Hey.	no

 CHANDLER: What's in the bag?	no

 JOEY: C'mon show us what you bought. . . You know you want to.	no

 ROSS: [childishly] OK. OK, this is a picture frame from Ben to my parents, huh.	no

 MONICA: Cute.	no

 ROSS: Yeah?	no

 PHOEBE: Hey.	no

 GANG: Hey. Hi Phoebe.	no

 PHOEBE: Happy Christmas Eve Eve. [sees Ross's picture frame] Oh my God, where did you get this?	no

 PHOEBE: This is my father, this is a picture of my dad.	no

 CHANDLER: Nah, Phoebs, that's the guy that comes in the frame.	no

 PHOEBE: No it isn't, this is my dad, alright, I'll show you.	no

 RACHEL: Phoebe, I thought your dad was in prison.	no

 PHOEBE: No, that's my stepdad. My real dad's the one that ran out on us before I was born.	no

 PHOEBE: [showing her pictures] OK, look, see, this is him. My mother gave me this picture before she died, same guy.	no

 PHOEBE: It's not a blue screen... it's just, maybe it was just really clear that day. OK, I have to talk to my grandmother. [turns to leave]	no

 MONICA: Oh, wait a minute honey.	no

 GANG: Phoebs. [Phoebe leaves]	no

 MONICA: Wow.	no

 JOEY: So anyway, I'm trying to get my boss's ex-wife to sleep with me. . .	no

 GANG: Joey!	no

 GRANDMOTHER: Hi, Phoe.	no

 GRANDMOTHER: Oh, just updating the phonebook.	no

 PHOEBE: Um, gram, um, can I see the pictures of my dad again?	no

 GRANDMOTHER: [nervously] Oh. Oh, sure, sure, uh, uh, how come?	no

 PHOEBE: Just, you know, to see... um.	no

 PHOEBE: OK, is this really my father?	no

 GRANDMOTHER: Is it really your fa--I can't... well of course it is.	no

 GRANDMOTHER: Look, I. . .	no

 PHOEBE: Oh God.	no

 GRANDMOTHER: It was your mother's idea. Ya know, she didn't want you to know your real father because it hurt her so much when he left, and, I didn't want to go along with it, but, well then she died and, and it was harder to argue with her. Not impossible, but harder.	no

 GRANDMOTHER: Honey.	no

 PHOEBE: [realizes] Oh.	no

 GRANDMOTHER: Anyway, that's all I know. That, and this. [pulls apart a frame and pulls a picture out] This is the real him.	no

 PHOEBE: Oh.	no

 CHANDLER: Who said anything about Christmas? [Monica and Ross enter.]	no

 MONICA: Hi.	no

 ROSS: Hey, anyone hear from Phoebe yet?	no

 RACHEL: No, nothin'.	no

 MONICA: I hope she's OK.	no

 MONICA: How do you know exactly what she's going through?	no

 JOEY: She told us.	no

 ROSS: C'mon Rachel.	no

 ROSS: See there, you uhh, alright, ya, you did what I said.	no

 RACHEL: Yeah, and you know what? You're right, I do feel better, thank you Ross. [she walks off and Ross puts his hand to his hair]	no

 GRANDMOTHER: Hey.	no

 GRANDMOTHER: C'mon now Phoe, don't still be mad at me. How's it going?	no

 PHOEBE: Well, not so good. Upstate's pretty big, he's pretty small, you do the math.	no

 PHOEBE: No I just, just wanted to know who he was, ya know.	no

 GRANDMOTHER: I know. OK, I wasn't completely honest with you when I told you that, uh, I didn't know exactly where he lived.	no

 PHOEBE: Whattaya mean?	no

 PHOEBE: Wow. Thank you.	no

 JOEY: Well she better get here soon, the outlet stores close at 7.	no

 CHANDLER: Hey, don't worry. I figure it'll be 2 hours to Phoebe's dad's house, they'll meet, they'll chat, they'll swap life stories, we'll still have plenty of time. [Phoebe drives up in the cab]	no

 JOEY: Hey, here she comes.	no

 Chandler: Hey.	no

 PHOEBE: Hey.	no

 JOEY: Hey.	no

 PHOEBE: Can you believe this. In, like, two hours I'm gonna have a dad. Eeeshk.	no

 CHANDLER: Eeeshk.	no

 JOEY: Yeah, big stuff.	no

 PHOEBE: OK, let's go.	no

 CHANDLER: OK.	no

 PHOEBE: Alright, here, you have to hold this. [hands Chandler a piece of paper]	no

 CHANDLER: OK. [reads paper] Brake left, gas right?	no

 ROSS: C'mon, just tell me, please, please.	no

 MONICA: For the sixteenth time, no... I do not think you're obsessive. [Rachel enters from her room]	no

 RACHEL: Oh, gosh, it's hot in here.	no

 MONICA: Rach, get the heat. [Rachel holds up her hand with wet fingernail polish] Ross, could you turn the heat down please?	no

 ROSS: Sure. By the way, there's a difference between being obsessive and. . .	no

 MONICA: Ross, the heat!	no

 RACHEL: Did you just break the radiator?	no

 MONICA: Well put it back.	no

 ROSS: It uhh, it won't go back.	no

 RACHEL: I'll call the super.	no

 MONICA: Here, let me try.	no

 MONICA: Hey, it's Funny's cousin, Not Funny.	no

 ROSS: OK, tip the man.	no

 MONICA: No, if he doesn't like our cookies, too bad, I am not gonna be blackmailed. Look if worse comes to worse, it gets a little warm, we'll call it a theme party.	no

 CHANDLER: Yeah.	no

 JOEY: Sure is.	no

 CHANDLER: Alright.	no

 JOEY: Good luck Phoebs.	no

 ROSS: Monica, Monica, your guest are turning into jerky, OK.	no

 RACHEL: [answering the door] Mr. Treeger. MR. TREEGER: Uhh, you said there was a party.	no

 MONICA: No, I will not cave.	no

 RACHEL: Yeah, I'm with Mon.	no

 MONICA: Ross.	no

 ROSS: Yeah.	no

 ROSS: You mean hardball?	no

 MONICA: Whatever.	no

 RACHEL: What'cha gonna' do?	no

 RACHEL: Huh-huh, no act--no, uhh, that, that is basil. MR. TREEGER: Ahh, if it was mistletoe, I was gonna kiss ya.	no

 PHOEBE: OK.	no

 JOEY: How far'd ya get?	no

 PHOEBE: Uh-huh.	no

 PHOEBE: No, it's just like, ya know, it's a whole mess of stuff, ya know. It's like, yesterday, ya know, my dad was this, like, famous Burma tree surgeon guy and, ya know, now he's a, a pharmacist guy and. . .	no

 JOEY: Well, maybe he's, maybe he's this really cool pharmacist guy.	no

 CHANDLER: Well, so why not go knock?	no

 PHOEBE: Well, 'cause, I mean, what if, what if he's not this great dad guy? I mean, what if, what if he's just still the dirtbag who ran out on my mom and us? You know what? I've already lost a fake dad this week and I don't think I'm ready to lose a real one.	no

 JOEY: Phoebs, that's OK. You took a big step today.	no

 PHOEBE: Yeah?	no

 JOEY: Yeah, and when you do, he'll be lucky to have you.	no

 PHOEBE: You guys. I'm sorry about your shopping.	no

 CHANDLER: Oh, that's OK, we'll figure something out.	no

 JOEY: Really, hey, you mind if I turn the heat down?	no

 PHOEBE: Oh, I couldn't go in.	no

 MONICA: Honey, I'm sorry.	no

 ROSS: Are you OK?	no

 PHOEBE: Yeah, yeah, no it's OK 'cause, I mean, I know he's there, so, that's enough for now.	no

 JOEY: Rach, these are for you.	no

 RACHEL: Wiper blades. I don't even have a car.	no

 JOEY: No, but with this new car smell, you'll think you do.	no

 CHANDLER: OK, Phoebs, your turn.	no

 JOEY: Uh-huh.	no

 PHOEBE: You guuuyys.	no

 JOEY: And for Ross, Mr. Sweet-tooth.	no

 ROSS: You got me a cola drink?	no

 CHANDLER: And, a lemon lime.	no

 ROSS: Well this, this is too much, I feel like I should get you another sweater.	no

 JOEY: I'm excited! I've never gotten reviewed before.	no

 PHOE: OK. [reading] The only thing worse than the mindless, adolescent direction...	no

 ROSS: I don't want to.	no

 RACH: Joey, honey, they don't know what they're talking about.	no

 ROSS: Yeah.	no

 ROSS: Oh c'mon. Maybe you're just, uhhh... paying your dues.	no

 JOEY: When I was little, I wanted to be a veteranarian, but then I found out you had to put your hands into cows and stuff. [Ross enters, depressed.]	no

 ROSS: [sullenly] Hiiiiii.	no

 PHOE: Are... are you OK?	no

 MNCA: Maybe.	no

 FBOB: Geller!	no

 ROSS: Hey, Fun Bobby!	no

 FBOB: Hey. Whoa, hey, you've been working out, huh?	no

 MNCA: You and me both.	no

 FBOB: Hey, so what'd I miss, what'd I miss, c'mon?	no

 PHOE: Oh, we were just trying to make Joey feel better.	no

 FBOB: Hey, do you need me to pick you up?	no

 JOEY: No, I'm alright man. Really.	no

 FBOB: No, I'm picking you up.	no

 FBOB: See ya. [exits]	no

 ALL: Bye! See you later!	no

 PHOE: Fun Bobby is so great.	no

 MNCA: Oh, isn't he? Oh, you know, I really think this time it may work with him. I mean, he just makes me feel so good and I've been feeling so lousy this last couple of months, no job, no boyfriend. Well, at least my cup is half full.	no

 PHOE: Half full of looooovvvvve.	no

 MNCA: And for our two-week anniversary, he's gonna take me to his cousin's cabin for the weekend.	no

 PHOE: Cabin of loooooovvvvve.	no

 MNCA: Really? I only had two glasses.	no

 JOEY: I just had a glass.	no

 PHOE: Two.	no

 RACH: I had one glass.	no

 RACH: OK, so that's... that's what, two bottles? And yet somehow we went through five? [All look towards door Fun Bobby left through.]	no

 ROSS: Oooooh.	no

 MNCA: So what. So he drank a lot tonight.	no

 MNCA: Rach, does this have nonfat milk?	no

 RACH: Ehhhummmm, I don't know, why don't you taste it.	no

 RACH: Oh well, too late, sorry, you already had some.	no

 MNCA: Bobby.	no

 FBOB: Yeah, OK.	no

 MNCA: Look, maybe this is none of my business, or maybe it is, I don't know... but, uh, I'm kind of worried about you.	no

 MNCA: So, what are you saying now?	no

 FBOB: I guess I'm saying, I'll try and quit. I kinda like that you worry about me. [they hug]	no

 PHOE: [sad] Ooohh, why? [Chandler and Joey enter.]	no

 JOEY: Hey.	no

 MNCA: Hey.	no

 PHOE: Hey.	no

 PHOE: Ohh, ohh, Lorne Green?	no

 PHOE: Oh, no.	no

 PHOE: Hey Rach, what time do you get off? We're all gonna do something tonight.	no

 RACH: Ummmm.... well, actually I'm already done, but I...I kinda got plans.	no

 MNCA: [gasps] You have other friends?	no

 RACH: Yeah... I, uhh... I have a... I have a date.	no

 MNCA: What?	no

 MNCA: What are you talking about?	no

 RACH: I don't know. Whatever I was feeling, I'm... not.	no

 PHOE: But you guys came so close.	no

 RACH: Here he is. Hi. Guys, this is Russ.	no

 ESTL: Stop saying you're not talented, you're very talented. It's just with the bird dead and all, there's very little act left. Oh, honey, give me a break, will ya? [a knock on the door] Oooh, ooh, I'll talk to you later. [Joey enters.]	no

 ESTL: Joey, have you ever seen me ecstatic?	no

 JOEY: No.	no

 ESTL: Well, here it is. [She almost smiles.]	no

 JOEY: OK, uh.... listen, there's something I want to talk to you about. The network casting lady...	no

 RACH: What's the matter?	no

 MNCA: It's Fun Bobby.	no

 RACH: What, isn't he sober?	no

 MNCA: Oh, he's sober alright. Just turns out that Fun Bobby was fun for a reason.	no

 RACH: Ohhh, OK. [Monica returns to couch next to Fun Bobby.]	no

 MNCA: Alright, here you go, sweetie. [hands Fun Bobby his coffee]	no

 FBOB: Thanks. You wanna hear something funny?	no

 MNCA: Oh God, yes!	no

 FBOB: There are no hardware stores open past midnight in the Village.	no

 FBOB: Oh yeah. See you guys. [leaves]	no

 MNCA: Oh.... my... God.	no

 PHOE: It's not that bad.	no

 MNCA: Not that bad? Did you hear the hammer story?	no

 PHOE: OK, OK, don't get all squinky.	no

 RACH: Maybe it was just the kind of story where you have to be there.	no

 PHOE: Alright, don't say that. He's probably always been dull. You just, you know, set it free. [Russ enters, walking in behind Chandler.]	no

 RUSS: Hi.	no

 RACH: Hi Russ, I've just got two more tables to clean and then we'll go, OK?	no

 RUSS: OK, I'll just sit here and... uh... chat with your, uh.... friend-type....people. [Phoebe walks up to Rachel, cleaning tables.]	no

 PHOE: Rachel? Um, hi.	no

 RACH: Hi.	no

 PHOE: OK, so, you know what you're doing, right?	no

 RACH: Uhh.... waitressing?	no

 RACH: [looks at him] Huh, Bob Saget?	no

 PHOE: [looks at Russ] Oh, yeah! No, no, no, no, oh, oh. [Phoebe turns back around but Rachel is gone. Ross enters.]	no

 PHOE: Oh, my, oh!	no

 ROSS: What? What's wrong?	no

 PHOE: I, OK....	no

 MNCA: She's just upset because she, uh, she buttered a spider into her toast this morning.	no

 ROSS: Alright.	no

 RUSS: Hi.	no

 ROSS: Hi.	no

 RUSS: Are you a, uh, friend of Rachel's?	no

 ROSS: Yes, yes I am. Are you a, uh, a friend of Rachel's?	no

 RUSS: Actually, I'm a... kind of a.... you know, a... date-type... thing... of Rachel's.	no

 ROSS: A date.	no

 RUSS: Yeah, I'm her date.	no

 ROSS: Oh, oh, you're... uh... you're, oh you're the date.	no

 RUSS: Oh, you are the, uh... paleontologist.	no

 ROSS: Yes, yes I am. And you are a....	no

 RUSS: Periodontist.	no

 MNCA: See? They're as different as night and... later that night.	no

 RUSS: Ditto. [ROss approaches Rachel at counter.]	no

 ROSS: I, uh, well... I... I met Russ.	no

 RACH: Oh.	no

 ROSS: Hey, I didn't know we were, uh, seeing other people.	no

 RACH: Well, we're not seeing each other, so....	no

 ROSS: Well, uh, for your information, there's a woman at the museum, who's curator of moths and other... uh... winged things... who's, uh, let it be known that she is drawn to me much like a... well, you know. But so far I've been keeping her at bay, but, uh, if this is the deal...	no

 RACH: Well, yeah, this is the deal.	no

 ROSS: OK, well, um, have a nice evening.	no

 RACH: Um, Russ, you ready?	no

 RUSS: Yeah.	no

 RACH: Bye.	no

 MNCA: Bye.	no

 PHOE: Bye. [Russ and Rachel leave together.]	no

 ROSS: [upset] She's dating. She's dating.	no

 ROSS: What do you mean?	no

 MNCA: Do you not see it?	no

 JOEY: Hey.	no

 JOEY: Sorry.	no

 JOEY: I just... I just don't think that I want it that way though, y'know? I mean, let's say I do make it, alright? I'm always gonna look back and wonder if it was because of my talent or because of.. y'know, the Little General.	no

 FBOB: If... if you want to drink, it's OK with me, I've got to get used to it.	no

 MNCA: No, no really. I.. I wouldn't feel right about it. [to waiter] Just some water.	no

 MNCA: [grabs waiter as he's leaving] I'd like a scotch on the rocks with a twist.	no

 RUSS: Dysprosium.	no

 ROSS: [condescendingly] Dysprosium? Try mendelevium.	no

 PHOE: You don't see it? You actually don't see it?	no

 RACH: What?	no

 PHOE: OK honey, you're dating Ross.	no

 RACH: No, Phoebs. I'm dating Russ.	no

 PHOE: Russ is Ross. Russ... Ross!	no

 RACH: Phoebe, what the hell are you talking about? Other than their names being similar, I'm sorry, I do not see what you're seeing. [They look over at Russ and Ross.]	no

 ROSS: [to Russ] For your information, it's a card sharp, not a card shark.	no

 RUSS: You could not be more wrong. You could try... but you would not be successful.	no

 RUSS: I know what your problem is.	no

 RUSS: Um-hum, you're jealous.	no

 ROSS: Of... of what?	no

 RUSS: You're jealous because I'm a real doctor.	no

 RUSS: Hey, you listen.	no

 ROSS: No, no, let me finish.	no

 RUSS: No, let me finish.	no

 ROSS: No, you let me fini... [Rachel walks up behind them.]	no

 ROSS: Hi.	no

 RUSS: Hi.	no

 RACH: Did Joey say what he was gonna go when he left?	no

 RACH: I don't know. Who would I have to sleep with?	no

 RACH: Why would I have to sleep with you?	no

 MNCA: Morning.	no

 ROSS: Ooooohhhh. [Monica pulls out a bag full of airline bottles of liquor.]	no

 PHOE: What's with all the bottles of liquor?	no

 MNCA: Oh no no, this is not for him, this is for me. That way he's still sober but I find his stories about shoelaces much more amusing. [Three slow knocks on the door.]	no

 MNCA: Hi. I'll be ready in just a second.	no

 FBOB: Uh, can I talk to you a minute?	no

 MNCA: Sure. [They both step out into the hall.]	no

 FBOB: This is really hard for me to say.	no

 FBOB: Oh, no, no, it's about you.	no

 MNCA: What about me?	no

 MNCA: What these? [holding up liquor bottles] Oh, these are, um, for.. cuts and scrapes.	no

 MNCA: Oh... shoot.	no

 FBOB: Well, anyway, I hope we can be friends.	no

 MNCA: OK. [They hug and kiss.]	no

 MNCA: Take care.	no

 FBOB: You too. [Fun Bobby leaves and Monica goes back inside.]	no

 RACH: What happened?	no

 MNCA: Well we... we kinda broke up.	no

 MNCA: [holding bottles] Does anybody want these?	no

 JOEY: Hey.	no

 GANG: Hey!	no

 JOEY: It was unbelievable! I walked in there and she was all over me.	no

 JOEY: Well, I couldn't do it. I told her I didn't want to get the part that way.	no

 ROSS: Good for you.	no

 PHOE: So... and?	no

 JOEY: Soooooo... you are now looking at Dr. Drake Ramore, neurosurgeon, recurring in at least four episodes!	no

 GANG: Allright!	no

 RUSS: Hi.	no

 PHOE: Hi.	no

 RUSS: I guess you guys heard, Rachel dumped me.	no

 RUSS: Oh. [Julie... Ross's ex-girlfriend... enters.]	no

 JULIE: Hey.	no

 PHOE: Hey, Julie! Hey, how are you doing?	no

 ROSS: Ok. Here's his diaper bag, and his uh, Mr. Winky, and uh...oh, him. Hi!	no

 CAROL: So how did everything go?	no

 CAROL: Well, we've gotta go.	no

 ROSS: Ok.	no

 ROSS: Oh, you and me?	no

 CAROL: Uh, no, Susan and me.	no

 ROSS: Ok.	no

 CAROL: We're uh, we're getting married.	no

 ROSS: As in, &quot;I now pronounce you wife and wife&quot; married?	no

 CAROL: Anyway, we'd like you to come, but we totally understand if you don't want to.	no

 ROSS: Why wouldn't I want to come? I had fun at the first wedding.	no

 CAROL: Look I just thought that...	no

 SUSAN: Is your finger caught in that chair?	no

 ROSS: Mmm hmmm.	no

 CAROL: Want us to go?	no

 ROSS: Uh-huh. [at Rachel and Monica's]	no

 MONICA: They want me to do it, which is really cool, seeing as I've never catered before, and I really need the money, and this isn't a problem for you, is it?	no

 ROSS: Would it matter?	no

 MONICA: Oh, you are so great! [kisses him] Thank you!	no

 JOEY: Are you really not going?	no

 ROSS: I am really not going. I don't get it. They already live together, why do they need to get married?	no

 ROSS: If you wanna call that a reason.	no

 MONICA: Ross, I thought you were over this.	no

 ROSS: Look, that has nothing to do with this, ok? She's my ex-wife. If she were marrying a guy, none of you'd expect me to be there.	no

 CHANDLER: Whoa, she's pretty.	no

 RACHEL: I'm sorry, what?	no

 MONICA: What?	no

 CHANDLER: Oh, ok.	no

 JOEY: I'm afraid the situation is much worse than we expected. Your sister is suffering from a..subcranial hematoma. Perhaps we can discuss this over coffee.	no

 CHANDLER: Nice!	no

 RACHEL: That's great!	no

 ROSS: Excellent!	no

 ROSS: That is so good! Do it again!	no

 JOEY: All right, all right. &quot;Damnit Braverman, it's right there on the chart!&quot;	no

 ROSS: No no, that's me.	no

 CHANDLER: Oh, yeah.	no

 ROSS: Oh, hello.	no

 PHOEBE: Oh, thanks. I couldn't uh...	no

 ROSS: Is everything ok?	no

 ROSS: Oh my god.	no

 PHOEBE: Yeah, um, she was 82 years old. Her name was um, Mrs. Adelman.	no

 MONICA: Oh, honey.	no

 RACHEL: What do you mean?	no

 PHOEBE: I think it went into me. [Everyone takes a step back from Phoebe] [Central Perk]	no

 RACHEL: Ok, who ordered what?	no

 RACHEL: Oh god.	no

 JOEY: Uh, Pheebs, how long do you think this lady'll be with us?	no

 RACHEL: This is Joey, and Phoebe, and this is Chandler, and you remember Ross. MRS GREEN: Oh hello, Ross.	no

 RACHEL: Oh Mom! MRS GREEN: If you didn't pour the coffee, no one would have anything to drink.	no

 RACHEL: Really? MRS GREEN: Yes.	no

 JOEY: Pheebs, who's Evelyn Dermer?	no

 PHOEBE: I don't know. Who's Soupy Sales? [at Rachel and Monica's MRS GREEN: Oh my god, there's an unattractive nude man playing the cello.	no

 RACHEL: For...me. MRS GREEN: Well, not just for you.	no

 RACHEL: Well, what do you mean? MRS GREEN: I'm uh, considering leaving your father.	no

 RACHEL: Oh god. I think I'm gonna be sick.	no

 ROSS: And you had no idea they weren't getting along?	no

 RACHEL: None.	no

 JOEY: They didn't fight a lot?	no

 RACHEL: No! They didn't even talk to each other. God, how was I supposed to know they were having problems?	no

 PHOEBE: [Mrs. Adelman's voice] In my day, divorce was not an option.	no

 JOEY: Hey, look who's up.	no

 MONICA: Is there any chance that you can look at this as flattering? I mean, she's doing it because she wants to be more like you.	no

 PHOEBE: That's him.	no

 PHOEBE: Um, do you wanna sit? MR A: Oh, no, please, I spent most of mid-morning trying to stand up. Now uh, what can I do for you, my dear?	no

 PHOEBE: Yeah. Ok, you don't have to believe me but um, can you think of any unfinished business she might have had, like any reason she'd be hanging around? MR A: Well, I don't know what to tell you dear. The only thing I can think of is that she always used to say that before she died, she wanted to see everything.	no

 PHOEBE: Everything? MR A: Everything.	no

 PHOEBE: Whoa, that's a lot of stuff. MR A: Oh, wait, I remember, she also said she wanted to sleep with me one last time.	no

 MONICA: Um, you guys, you know when I said before, &quot;thank you, but I don't really need your help&quot;?	no

 RACHEL: Actually, what I think you said was, &quot;don't touch that, and get the hell out of my kitchen.&quot;	no

 RACHEL: Hey, Mon, you want some help?	no

 MONICA: If you want.	no

 PHOEBE: [enters] Hey. What a day. I took her everywhere. The Museum of Modern Art, Rockefeller Center, Statue of Liberty.	no

 RACHEL: She's still with you?	no

 RACHEL: God!	no

 MONICA: All right, look, nobody's smoking pot around all this food. MRS GREEN: That's fine. I never did it. I just thought I might. So, what's new in sex?	no

 MONICA: I'm dicing, I'm dicing, I don't hear anything. MRS GREEN: I mean, this is no offense to your dad, sweetie, but I was thinking there might be more.	no

 RACHEL: You want me to talk you out of it? MRS GREEN: No.	no

 RACHEL: Then what? What do you want? MRS GREEN: I guess I just figured of all people you would understand this.	no

 RACHEL: Why on earth would I understand this? MRS GREEN: You didn't marry your Barry. I did.	no

 RACHEL: Oh.	no

 MONICA: All right people, we're in trouble here. We've only got 12 hours and 36 minutes left. Move, move, move!	no

 MONICA: Joey, speed it up!	no

 MONICA: Do you want me to cry? Is that what you want? Do you wanna see me cry?	no

 PHOEBE: Sir! No sir!	no

 MONICA: [to Ross] All right, you!	no

 ROSS: No. Look, I told you I am not a part of this thing.	no

 MONICA: All right, look, Ross. I realize that you have issues with Carol and Susan, and I feel for you, I do. But if you don't help me cook, I'm gonna take a bunch of those little hot dogs, and I'm gonna create a new appetizer called &quot;pigs in Ross&quot;. All right, ball the melon.	no

 CHANDLER: Hey! How come I'm stuck dicing, when he gets to ball the melon. [knock at the door]	no

 MONICA: Hi.	no

 CAROL: How's it going?	no

 CAROL: Fine, whatever.	no

 ROSS: What's the matter?	no

 CAROL: Nothing. Ok, everything. I think we're calling off the wedding.	no

 ROSS: What?	no

 MONICA: You're still gonna pay me, right? Or something a little less selfish.	no

 ROSS: Carol, what's the matter? What happened?	no

 ROSS: Oh my god.	no

 ROSS: It's ok. I'm sorry.	no

 CAROL: And then Susan and I got in this big fight because I said maybe we should call off the wedding, and she said we weren't doing it for them, we were doing it for us, and if I couldn't see that, then maybe we should call off the wedding. I don't know what to do.	no

 CAROL: You do?	no

 ROSS: Look, do you love her? And you don't have to be too emphatic about this.	no

 CAROL: Of course I do.	no

 CAROL: You're right. Of course you're right.	no

 MONICA: So we're back on?	no

 CAROL: We're back on.	no

 PHOEBE: [Mrs. Adelman's voice] Butterscotch? No one? All right, you'll be sorry later. [Monica pushes Ben down the aisle in a stroller. Susan is escorted by both her parents. Carol is escorted by Ross.]	no

 CAROL: Thank you.	no

 ROSS: Any time. [He doesn't want to let her go]	no

 CAROL: Ross. [He lets her go]	no

 MONICA: Would you look at them?	no

 ROSS: Yeah, can't help but.	no

 PHOEBE: I miss Rose.	no

 CHANDLER: Oh, yeah?	no

 PHOEBE: I know it's kind of weird, but I mean, she was a big part of my life there, you know, and now I just feel kind of alone.	no

 CHANDLER: [to an attractive woman] I shouldn't even bother coming up with a line, right? [The woman walks away]	no

 ROSS: Ok.	no

 SUSAN: You did a good thing today.	no

 ROSS: Yeah.	no

 SUSAN: You wanna dance?	no

 ROSS: No, that's fine.	no

 ROSS: Ok. [They dance; Carol looks on lovingly.]	no

 CHANDLER: [to the woman who just rejected him] All right look. Penis schmenis. We're all people. [She walks away again.] [at Monica and Rachel's]	no

 MONICA: Ok, which one of us do you think is gonna be the first one to get married?	no

 ROSS: Well, Mon, I was married.	no

 RACHEL: I had a wedding.	no

 MONICA: All right, just trying to start an interesting discussion.	no

 JOEY: I got one. Which one of us do you think will be the last to get married? [They all look at Chandler]	no

 CHANDLER: Isn't Ben in this?	no

 ALL: Oh, yeah! END <!--webbot bot="ImageMap" startspan rectangle=" (139,1) (197, 84)  http://thecfsi.com/season2/212toasb.htm" rectangle=" (70,0) (127, 84)  http://thecfsi.com/season2.htm" rectangle=" (0,1) (57, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season2/210russ.htm" src="contrl08.gif" width="194" height="60" alt="contrl08.gif (14783 bytes)" --><!--webbot bot="ImageMap" i-checksum="35896" endspan -->	no

 JOEY: Nice, nice. Hey I got somethin' for you. [hands Chandler an envelope.	no

 CHANDLER: What's this?	no

 JOEY: Eight hundred and twelve bucks.	no

 CHANDLER: I don't know. It's a bracelet.	no

 JOEY: Isn't it? And it's engraved too, check it out.	no

 CHANDLER: [reads] To my best bud. [puts it back in the case] Thanks best bud.	no

 JOEY: Put it on.	no

 CHANDLER: Oh, now? [puts it in his desk drawer] No, no, I think something this nice should be saved for a special occasion. [sets a chair in front of the drawer]	no

 JOEY: Oh, no no, that's the beauty part, it goes with everything. [gets the bracelet from the drawer] You put this on, you're good to go. [puts the bracelet on Chandler] Ohhh man, you are so wearin' that bracelet.	no

 JOEY: You have any idea what this'll do for your sex life?	no

 INTERVIEWER: Well, this all looks good.	no

 MONICA: Great.	no

 INTERVIEWER: And if I want to call for a reference on your last job?	no

 MONICA: You got it.	no

 INTERVIEWER: Now, I want you to tell me what you're doing while you're doing it.	no

 INTERVIEWER: Uh-huh. Is it dirty?	no

 MONICA: Oh-oh, no no don't worry, I'm gonna wash it.	no

 INTERVIEWER: Don't, I like it dirty.	no

 MONICA: That's your call.	no

 INTERVIEWER: So, uh, what are you going to do next?	no

 MONICA: Well, I thought that I would cut up the tomatos.	no

 MONICA: They'r alright.	no

 INTERVIEWER: You sure they haven't gone bad? You're sure they're not very, very bad?	no

 MONICA: No really, they're OK.	no

 INTERVIEWER: Aaaahhhhhhh.	no

 MONICA: I'm outa here. [Monica leaves]	no

 ROSS: Oh really? What uh, what does he want with her?	no

 PHOEBE: Hang in there, it's gonna happen.	no

 PHOEBE: Because she's your lobster.	no

 PHOEBE: C'mon you guys. It's a known fact that lobsters fall in love and mate for life. You know what, you can actually see old lobster couples walkin' around their tank, ya know, holding claws like. . . [Monica enters from bathroom after taking a shower]	no

 MONICA: Yeah, I think that fifth shower actually got the interview off me.	no

 PHOEBE: So, do you have any other possibilities?	no

 ROSS: Monica, if you want, I can lend you some money.	no

 PHOEBE: What is that sparkly thing?	no

 CHANDLER: That thing, it's a uhh. . . yeah it's, it's a little flashy.	no

 MONICA: Man, man that is sharp. It must have cost you quite a few debloons.	no

 MONICA: Hi. MR. GELLER: Hi. MRS. GELLER: Hi darling.	no

 MONICA: So, what's this. MR. GELLER: Some of your old stuff. MRS. GELLER: Well sweetie, we have a surprise for you. We're turning your room into a gym.	no

 PHOEBE: Do you want a refill?	no

 CHANDLER: No, I'm alright, thanks.	no

 GAIL: I'm Gail.	no

 CHANDLER: Chandler. [waves his arm around, exposing the bracelet]	no

 PHOEBE: It's not that bad.	no

 PHOEBE: Chandler, Chandler.	no

 ROSS: Would you look at that guy, I mean how long has he been talking to her. It's like, back off buddy she's a waitress not a geisha.	no

 PHOEBE: I think she's OK.	no

 RACHEL: What?	no

 ROSS: Oh, oh my God, is this the wrong day? I don't believe it, uh, well, hey, I guess if it works out we'll, we'll have something to tell the grandkids.	no

 RACHEL: What?	no

 ROSS: Oh, see from where I was sitting I uh. . .	no

 RACHEL: OK, Ross, listen to me, I am not yours to save.	no

 ROSS: But, you are.	no

 RACHEL: What?	no

 ROSS: Uh, uh, well you're, umm, you're my lobster.	no

 RACHEL: OK, you know what, are, are you being like, the blind date guy again?	no

 ROSS: No no, you're uh, you're my lobster. See um, lobsters, uhh, in the tank when, when they're old, uhh, they get with, uhh, they walk around holding the claws. In the tank, ya know, with, with the holding and. . . Uhh, Phoebs you wanna help me out with the, the whole lobster thing?	no

 PHOEBE: Do the claws again.	no

 ROSS: Rach. OK, forget, forget the lobsters OK. We're, let's talk, what about us?	no

 RACHEL: Ross, there is no us, OK.	no

 ROSS: No, but. . .	no

 ROSS: Well, but, but. . .	no

 RACHEL: NO but Ross. We are never gonna happen, OK. Accept that.	no

 ROSS: E-except, except that what?	no

 RACHEL: No, no, ACC-cept that.	no

 ROSS: Oh.	no

 JOEY: If you hated the bracelet so much, Chandler, you should have just said so.	no

 CHANDLER: Well, doesn't the fact that I wore the bracelet even though I hated it say something about our friendship and how much it means to me?	no

 JOEY: Well, what about the fact that you insulted the bracelet and you made fun of me?	no

 [Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Mr. and Mrs. Geller are watching tennis on TV, Monica is sitting at the table] MR. GELLER: You know, that Steffi Graf has quite a tush. I'm just saying, it's right there.	no

 MONICA: Where have you been?	no

 ROSS: Emotional hell. So, did they lend you the money yet?	no

 MONICA: No, but that's probably 'cause I haven't asked them yet.	no

 ROSS: C'mon Monica, do it. Hey, you guys, um, Monica has some news.	no

 MONICA: Um, yeah, so uh, uhh, listen, I'm sorry I didn't tell you this before but umm, I, I'm no longer at my job, I, I had to leave it. MRS. GELLER: Why?	no

 CHANDLER: I can't believe it.	no

 PHOEBE: Would you stop already? Get out of the bitter barn and play in the hay.	no

 PHOEBE: Hey now you have two. [Chandler looks annoyed] Oh, now you have two.	no

 CHANDLER: What am I gonna do, huh? [Joey walks in behind him]	no

 JOEY: Hey.	no

 CHANDLER: Hey.	no

 JOEY: How come you have two?	no

 CHANDLER: Well this one's for you.	no

 JOEY: Get out.	no

 CHANDLER: That's what they'll call us.	no

 ROSS: Here you go, you can pay me back whenever you like.	no

 ROSS: Yeah, yeah I mean, you get your money and you learn a little something, what's wrong with that?	no

 MONICA: Nothin', nothin', hey you're a cheapasaurus. I'm kidding, I'm kidding, thank you, I'm very greatful.	no

 PHOEBE: [Standing in living room with Chandler and Joey. She pulls a huge bathing suit out of a box] Hey, Mon, what is this?	no

 JOEY: [pulls out a VCR tape] Hey Monica, what's on this video tape?	no

 MONICA: Hey, you got me, put it in.	no

 ROSS: [Rachel enters] Oh.	no

 RACHEL: Hi.	no

 ROSS: Hi. MRS. GELLER: Over here Jack. OK. I see, Rachel's coming up the path. Oh doesn't she look pretty. Jack, get this. [Rachel enters with a huge nose]	no

 RACHEL: Oh my God.	no

 RACHEL: They had to reduce it because of, of my deviated septum.	no

 RACHEL: Oh.	no

 ROSS: You know what, you guys, we don't have to watch this.	no

 MONICA: Shut up, the camera adds ten pounds.	no

 MONICA: Oh, you look so great.	no

 RACHEL: Ahh, so do you, beautiful. [they hug]	no

 MONICA: Oops.	no

 RACHEL: What?	no

 MONICA: Shoot, I think I got mayonaise on you.	no

 RACHEL: Oh, that's OK, it's just the shoulder, it's not my dress. MR. GELLER: Everybody smile.	no

 MONICA: Oh, dad, turn it off. MR. GELLER: It is off.	no

 JOEY: Lookin' good Mr. Cotter.	no

 ROSS: You look pretty tonight.	no

 RACHEL: Oh, thanks. So, uh, what are you gonna do this summer?	no

 ROSS: Oh, you know, I'm just gonna, I'm gonna hang out, work on my music.	no

 RACHEL: Oh, the guys are here.	no

 ROSS: this summer?	no

 RACHEL: Oh my God, look there's Roy Gublik.	no

 RACHEL: I can't go to my own prom without a date, I can't, it's too late.	no

 MONICA: If you're not going then I don't want to go either.	no

 ROSS: Dad, she won't want to go with me. MR. GELLER: Of course she would, you're a college man.	no

 ROSS: I don't know. MR. GELLER: Well, c'mon. Don't ya want to find out?	no

 ALL: No, no, no.	no

 ROSS: OK, fine, well I'm not gonna watch, alright. MR. GELLER: C'mon kid, let's go. MRS. GELLER: Ahh, are you hadsome. MR. GELLER: Let's show 'em.	no

 MONICA: I can't believe you did that.	no

 ROSS: Yeah, well. [Rachel, seeing what he did for her, gets up, walks across the room, and kisses Ross]	no

 PHOEBE: See, he's her lobster. CLOSING CREDITS	no

 [Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Monica is watching the rest of the tape] MRS. GELLER: Dance with him.	no

 MONICA: Mom, I'm hungry. MRS. GELLER: Dance with your father. MR. GELLER: I may not know any of your flash dances but I'm no slouch on the dance floor.	no

 JOEY: Alright, no peeking. No peeking, no peeking, no peeking.	no

 CHANDLER: Alright, alright, but you better be wearing clothes when I open my eyes.	no

 JOEY: Alright open your eyes. [opens his eyes to see two black leather recliners and a big screen TV]	no

 JOEY: I know.	no

 JOEY: Uh-huh.	no

 CHANDLER: So uh, which one is mine?	no

 JOEY: Whichever one you want, man. Whichever one you want. [Chandler starts to sit in one of the chairs] Not that one.	no

 CHANDLER: [sits down] Ohh yes.	no

 JOEY: [sits down] Ohh yeah, that's the stuff.	no

 CHANDLER: [reaches for the footrest lever] Do we dare?	no

 JOEY: We dare.	no

 PHOEBE: I can't believe two cows made the ultimate sacrifice so you guys could watch TV with your feet up.	no

 ALL: Woah!	no

 RACHEL: Hi you guys.	no

 ALL: Hey.	no

 RACHEL: Hey you.	no

 RACHEL: So, uh, how was your day?	no

 RACHEL: Really? Mine too.	no

 PHOEBE: Hey cool, mine too.	no

 RACHEL: OK. [they go to kiss but everyone's watching so Ross just kisses her on the top of her head and leaves]	no

 ROSS: Bye guys.	no

 ALL: Bye.	no

 MONICA: What's tonight?	no

 MONICA: Uh, hello.	no

 RACHEL: Hi.	no

 RACHEL: God, oh God Monica, I forgot. This is our first date.	no

 MONICA: Yes but my mom got me this job.	no

 PHOEBE: OK, I can be a waitress, I can be a waitress.	no

 RACHEL: Oh, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you. See Phoebe, Phoebe.	no

 PHOEBE: It's James Bond.	no

 MONICA: Sorry we're late. DR. BURKE: Ah, that's OK, come on in. Um, I'm sorry, is Monica Geller coming? I was told she was.	no

 MONICA: Dr. Burke, it, it's me. DR. BURKE: Monica? My God you used to be so. . . I mean you, you, you, you must have lost like. . . You look great.	no

 MONICA: Thank you. This is my friend Phoebe. She's gonna be helping me tonight. DR. BURKE: Hi Phoebe, nice to meet you. [Phoebe just giggles when they shake] So, how ya been?	no

 MONICA: I've been great, just great. How have you been? [tilting her head] DR. BURKE: Oh, well obviously you know Barbara and I split up, otherwise you wouldn't have done the head tilt.	no

 MONICA: I'm sorry. DR. BURKE: No no, it, it's fine, believe me. I do it too. I always answer with the 'I'm OK' head bob. [demonstrates] 'I'm OK.' [tilts head] 'You sure?' [bobs head] 'Yeah, I'm fine.' Hey listen, I've got to set up the music. I got a new CD changer, of course the divorce only left me with 4 CD's to change.	no

 MONICA: [her and Phoebe tilt their heads] Oh, that's too bad. DR. BURKE: [bobbing his head] I'll survive.	no

 MONICA: You're an opthamologist. DR. BURKE: Only because my parents wanted me to be, I wanted to be a sherrif.	no

 PHOEBE: [entering the kitchen from the party] That's funny, no. Cadillac, cataract, I get it, no I get it, you stay out there. DR. BURKE: See.	no

 PHOEBE: You are so smitten.	no

 MONICA: I am not.	no

 MONICA: Dr. Burke? I don't think so. I mean, like, he's a grown up.	no

 PHOEBE: So. You two are totally into each other.	no

 PHOEBE: OK, so what, you're just never gonna see him again?	no

 RACHEL: C'mon, I'm not saying it was a bad movie, I'm just saying, you know, it was a little. . . hard to follow.	no

 RACHEL: I know, I just didn't want to wear my glasses on my first date. [They start kissing.]	no

 RACHEL: Monica.	no

 RACHEL: Honey, I'm just checking.	no

 ROSS: Oh.	no

 RACHEL: Monica.	no

 ROSS: Mon.	no

 RACHEL: Monica.	no

 ROSS: Mon. [Since they're alone they start kissing and Ross's hands work their way down until they're on Rachel's butt. Rachel starts laughing.]	no

 ROSS: What, what.	no

 RACHEL: I'm sorry. Oh God, I'm sorry, it's just that when you moved your hands down to my butt, it was like woah, Ross's hands are on my butt. Sorry.	no

 ROSS: And that's, that's funny why?	no

 ROSS: I, I know it's big, I just didn't know it was uh, ha-ha big.	no

 RACHEL: OK. [start kissing again and Rachel starts lauging again]	no

 ROSS: OK, my hands were no where near your butt.	no

 RACHEL: I know, I know, I know, I know. I was just thinking about when they were there the last time, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. OK, OK, look, woah, I promise, I'm good, I'm not gonna laugh anymore. OK put your hands back there.	no

 RACHEL: Just one cheek.	no

 ROSS: Nuh, uh, the moment's gone.	no

 RACHEL: Alright, just put your hands out and I'll back up into them.	no

 RACHEL: C'mon touch it.	no

 ROSS: No.	no

 RACHEL: Oh, come on squeeze it.	no

 ROSS: No.	no

 ROSS: No.	no

 RACHEL: Oh, come on, would you just grab my ass.	no

 JOEY: Hi. CHANDLER and JOEY: Hey.	no

 ROSS: Oh. Listen, have you ever been uh, you know, foolin' around with a girl and uh, she started laughin'?	no

 JOEY: She laughed at you?	no

 RACHEL: Hi you guys. CHANDLER and JOEY: Hey.	no

 ROSS: Hey.	no

 RACHEL: OK, listen, I'm sorry about last night and I really want to make it up to you.	no

 ROSS: No, you, ya know there's no need to make it u. . . how?	no

 RACHEL: What's this.	no

 MONICA: Really. DR. BURKE: Yeah, that's my job. Alright, look up. . . look down, now open your eyes, now look down. That's right, look into the light. Now look at me. . . OK. Your eyes look good. Those are good eyes.	no

 MONICA: Good, they feel good, in my head. DR. BURKE: So, it's great to see ya.	no

 MONICA: You too. DR. BURKE: You too.	no

 MONICA: What? DR. BURKE: Drops. Here, they're free.	no

 MONICA: Thanks. So, I guess I better be going. DR. BURKE: Oh, OK, yeah. I'll see ya later.	no

 MONICA: Thanks again. [He kisses her on the cheek, she returns the kiss, then they embrace in a full on kiss]	no

 PHOEBE: We have got to get you lazy boys out of these chairs. CHANDLER and JOEY: Hey, woah, hey, woah.	no

 PHOEBE: You know you should go outside and be with the three-dimensional people.	no

 JOEY: No, inside good, outside bad.	no

 PHOEBE: You guys are so pathetic, I, oh, OH, XANADU! OH.	no

 CHANDLER: She's one of us now. [Rachel and Ross enter]	no

 RACHEL: Hi you guys.	no

 ROSS: Hey. CHANDLER, JOEY, and PHOEBE: Hey.	no

 ROSS: Look at that, they won't even turn their heads.	no

 MONICA: Stop sending food to our apartment.	no

 PHOEBE: You're not the only one who has a date tonight.	no

 ROSS: What? You have a date? Who with?	no

 MONICA: No one.	no

 ROSS: C'mon, what's his name?	no

 MONICA: Nothing.	no

 ROSS: Come on, tell me.	no

 ROSS: Oh, I promise, what.	no

 MONICA: It's Richard Burke.	no

 ROSS: Doctor Burke is sexy? RACHEL and PHOEBE: Oh God, absolutely.	no

 RACHEL: Ya know, Dr. Burke kissed me once.	no

 MONICA: When?	no

 RACHEL: When I was um, 7, I crashed my bike right out in front of his house and to stop me from crying he kissed me right here. [points to the tip of her nose]	no

 PHOEBE: Oh you are so lucky.	no

 RACHEL: I know.	no

 ROSS: [on the phone] Woah, woah, woah australopithicus isn't supposed to be in that display. No. No. No, n, homo-habilus was erect, australopithicus was never fully erect.	no

 RACHEL: It's OK, it's fine.	no

 MONICA: Wow, is that Michelle? DR. BURKE: Yep.	no

 MONICA: I've not seen her since high school graduation. Oh my God, that night she got so dru. . . motional. DR. BURKE: Ya know, she's having another baby.	no

 MONICA: I thought she just had one. DR. BURKE: No no. Henry's almost two and he's talking and everyting. Here. You know, the other day he told me he liked me better than his other grandpa. Now in all fairness his other grandpa's a drunk but still. . .	no

 MONICA: Oh, you're a grandpa. DR. BURKE: Yeah. Are we nuts here?	no

 MONICA: Yeah. DR. BURKE: So.	no

 MONICA: So maybe we should just. . . DR. BURKE: Yeah, yeah, maybe.	no

 MONICA: Wow, this really sucks. DR. BURKE: Yeah, it sure does. [they hug and it turns into a passionate kiss]	no

 MONICA: Oh, I'm gonna kill those guys.	no

 ROSS: Rach.	no

 RACHEL: Oh.	no

 ROSS: I'm done.	no

 RACHEL: Yeah well, you know what, so is uh, Sorentino's.	no

 ROSS: No, no, we won't.	no

 RACHEL: We won't?	no

 RACHEL: OK, that's dead right?	no

 RACHEL: What is this? What are we doing?	no

 RACHEL: Grape.	no

 ROSS: Sorry.	no

 RACHEL: Ah, so what are we looking at?	no

 ROSS: Well uh, you see that, that little cluster of stars next to the big one? That is Ursa Major.	no

 RACHEL: Really?	no

 ROSS: I've no idea, could be. Listen, I'm sorry I had to work tonight.	no

 RACHEL: Oh it's OK. You were worth the wait, and I don't just mean tonight. [they kiss]	no

 ROSS: You're not laughing.	no

 RACHEL: Ah, oh God. Oh, honey, oh that's OK.	no

 RACHEL: Oh, thank God.	no

 ROSS: Hi.	no

 ROSS: I know it is pretty unbelievaaaaah.	no

 RACHEL: What?	no

 ROSS: We're not alone. [A church youth group is outside the display watching them] CLOSING CREDITS	no

 CHANDLER: Yeah. [feels the floor] Oh it's not warm yet, we still have time.	no

 JOEY: Man this is weird. You ever realize Captain Crunch's eyebrows are actually on his hat?	no

 CHANDLER: Waaa-aaah.	no

 JOEY: What?	no

 CHANDLER: The spoon. You licked and-and you put. You licked and you put.	no

 JOEY: Yeah, so.	no

 JOEY: Well, that was only 'cause I used the red one to unclog the drain.	no

 JOEY: Hey, why can't we use the same toothbrush, but we can use the same soap?	no

 CHANDLER: Hey. MONICA and PHOEBE: Hey.	no

 JOEY: Hey.	no

 PHOEBE: Ooh, look at you fancy lads. What's the occasion?	no

 PHOEBE: Ahh.	no

 RACHEL: [enters from her room] OK, ready when you are.	no

 PHOEBE: Okey-doke.	no

 MONICA: I can't believe you guys are actually getting tattoos.	no

 CHANDLER: Excuse me, you guys are getting tattoos?	no

 RACHEL: Yes, but you can not tell Ross 'cause I want to surprise him.	no

 PHOEBE: I think on my shoulder. [Ross enters]	no

 ROSS: What? What's on your shoulder?	no

 PHOEBE: Um, a chip. A tattoo, I'm getting a tattoo.	no

 ROSS: A tattoo? Why, why would you want to do that? [to Rachel] Hi.	no

 RACHEL: Hi. Well hey, you don't - you don't think they're kind of cool?	no

 MONICA: Ross, come sign this birthday card for dad. Rich is gonna be here any minute.	no

 MONICA: Well, he's my parents' best friend, he has to be there.	no

 PHOEBE: No, I think you should tell them.	no

 MONICA: No, I don't even know how serious he is about me. Until I do, I'm not telling them anything.	no

 ROSS: I don't know, I don't think mom and dad would mind. Remember when you were 9 and Richard was 30, how dad used to say, 'God I hope they get together.'	no

 MONICA: Happy birthday dad. MR. GELLER: Oh thank you.	no

 ROSS: Hi ma.	no

 RICHARD: Happy birthday. MRS. GELLER: Well, you kids thank Dr. Burke for the ride?	no

 ROSS: Uh, actually mom, I think Monica thanked him for the both of us.	no

 FRIEND: Oh. Speaking of whom, I hear he's got some 20-year-old twinkie in the city. [Monica sprays whipped cream all over the place]	no

 MONICA: Are we still on that? MRS. GELLER: We just know she's got the IQ of a napkin.	no

 JOEY: Can you believe this place?	no

 CHANDLER: I know, this is a great apartment.	no

 JOEY: Ah, I was just in the bathroom, and there's mirrors on both sides of you. So when you're in there it's like you're peein' with the Rockettes.	no

 CHANDLER: [being left behind] Oh that's all right fellas, I saw a kitchen this morning - on TV. Stop talking. OK.	no

 [Scene: Mr. Geller's party. Mr. Geller and a friend are questioning Richard while Ross observes.] MR. GELLER: C'mon, tell us.	no

 FRIEND: Yeah, is she really 20.	no

 RICHARD: I am not telling you guys anything. MR. GELLER: C'mon Rich, it's my birthday, let me live vicariously.	no

 ROSS: Dad, you really don't want to do that. MR. GELLER: Ahh, what's a little mid-life crisis between friends?	no

 RICHARD: Jack, would you let it go? MR. GELLER: Look, I know what you're going through. When I turned 50 I got the Porsche. You... you got your own little speedster.	no

 RICHARD: Guys. Seriously, it is not like that. MR. GELLER: Tell you what, maybe one of these weekends you can borrow the car and I cou. . .	no

 PHOEBE: OK Rach, which, which lily? This lily or that lily?	no

 RACHEL: Well I. . .	no

 PHOEBE: Here we go.	no

 RACHEL: [reluctantly] Uh-huh.	no

 PHOEBE: You're not going?	no

 RACHEL: Uh-huh.	no

 PHOEBE: What? Is it - is this 'cause of what Ross said?	no

 RACHEL: No. Well, yeah, maybe.	no

 PHOEBE: I don't believe this. Is this how this relationship's gonna work? Ross equals boss. I mean, c'mon what is this, 1922?	no

 RACHEL: What's 1922?	no

 RACHEL: Yes I do, it's just that Ross is. . .	no

 PHOEBE: OK, hey, HEY. Is your boyfriend the boss of you?	no

 RACHEL: No.	no

 PHOEBE: OK, who is the boss of you?!!	no

 RACHEL: You?	no

 MONICA: I'm a twinkie.	no

 RICHARD: Really? I'm a hero.	no

 MONICA: Oh, this is so hard.	no

 RICHARD: Yeah, I know. I hate it too. Look, maybe we should just tell them.	no

 RICHARD: My parents are dead.	no

 RICHARD: I know, I know. Just hang in there, OK. OK, I'll go out first, alright.	no

 MONICA: Alright.	no

 JOEY: Can we drop this? I am not interested in the guy's apartment.	no

 CHANDLER: Oh please, I saw the way you were checking out his mouldings. You want it.	no

 JOEY: Why would I want another apartment, huh? I've already got an apartment that I love.	no

 CHANDLER: What?	no

 CHANDLER: Look, you know what? If this is the way you feel, then maybe you should take it.	no

 JOEY: Well that's how I feel.	no

 CHANDLER: Well then maybe you should take it.	no

 JOEY: Well then maybe I will.	no

 ROSS: Mon, Mon, are you OK?	no

 MONICA: You remember that video I found of mom and dad?	no

 ROSS: Yeah.	no

 MONICA: Well, I just caught the live show.	no

 ROSS: Eww.	no

 MONICA: Hey there.	no

 RICHARD: What?	no

 MONICA: Nothing, I just heard something nice about you.	no

 RICHARD: Humm, really? [Mrs. Geller and Ross both enter] MRS. GELLER: Richard. Richard. Your son isn't seeing anyone is he?	no

 RICHARD: Uhh, not that I know of. MRS. GELLER: Well, I was thinking, why doesn't he give Monica a call?	no

 RICHARD: That - that's an idea.	no

 MONICA: Well, actually, I'm already seeing someone. MRS. GELLER: Oh?	no

 RICHARD: Oh?	no

 ROSS: Ohh. MRS. GELLER: She never tells us anything. Ross, did you know Monica's seeing someone?	no

 ROSS: Mom, there are so many people in my life. Some of them are seeing people and some of them aren't. Is that crystal? MRS. GELLER: So, who's the mystery man?	no

 MONICA: Well, uh, he's a doctor. MRS. GELLER: A real doctor?	no

 MONICA: Mom, it's OK.	no

 MONICA: Dad, I'm the twinkie. MR. GELLER: You're the twinkie?	no

 RICHARD: She's not a twinkie.	no

 RICHARD: Really?	no

 MONICA: Yes. MR. GELLER: Am I supposed to stand here and listen to this on my birthday?	no

 MONICA: Upstairs in the bathroom right before you felt up mom. [Everyone else enters and all start singing Happy Birthday.]	no

 PHOEBE: Oh that looks so good, oh I love it.	no

 PHOEBE: Ahh. OK, let's see yours again.	no

 RACHEL: Phoebe we just saw mine, let me see yours.	no

 PHOEBE: Oh OK. [pulls over her shirt and shows a bare shoulder] Oh no, oh it's gone, that's so weird, I don't know how-where it went.	no

 RACHEL: You didn't get it?	no

 PHOEBE: No.	no

 RACHEL: Why didn't you get it?	no

 PHOEBE: I'm sorry, I'm sorry.	no

 RACHEL: Phoebe, how would you do this to me? This was all your idea.	no

 PHOEBE: I know, I know, and I was gonna get it but then he came in with this needle and uh, di-, did you know they do this with needles?	no

 JOEY: Hey.	no

 CHANDLER: Hey.	no

 JOEY: Hey listen, I'm sorry about what happened. . .	no

 CHANDLER: Yeah me too.	no

 JOEY: I know. Yeah.	no

 CHANDLER: Yeah. So do we need to hug here or. . .	no

 JOEY: No, we're alright.	no

 JOEY: Plastic spoons. Great.	no

 CHANDLER: What?	no

 JOEY: I'm movin' out like we talked about.	no

 CHANDLER: Well I didn't think that was serious. [grabs the spoons back] Ya know I thought that was just a fight.	no

 JOEY: Well, it was a fight. . . based on serious stuff, remember. About how I never lived alone or anything. I just think it would be good for me, ya know, help me to grow or. . . whatever.	no

 CHANDLER: Well, there you go.	no

 JOEY: Hey, are you cool with this. I mean, I don't want to leave you high and dry.	no

 JOEY: Woah. Why do you get to keep the table?	no

 CHANDLER: I did pay for half of it.	no

 JOEY: Yeah. And uh, I paid for the other half.	no

 CHANDLER: Alright I'll tell you what, I'll play you for it.	no

 JOEY: Woah, woah, woah, woah. Which sister?	no

 MONICA: So, are you sorry that I told them?	no

 RICHARD: No, it's been a long time since your dad and I went running. [Rachel and Phoebe enter]	no

 RACHEL: Oh.	no

 MONICA: Oh. Well did you get it? Let me see.	no

 RACHEL: Is Ross here?	no

 MONICA: No he went out to get pizza.	no

 RACHEL: Oh really, OK. [shows Monica her tattoo]	no

 MONICA: That's great.	no

 RICHARD: Very tasteful.	no

 PHOEBE: Wanna see mine, wanna see mine?	no

 MONICA: Yes.	no

 RACHEL: What? You didn't get one.	no

 PHOEBE: OK, well then what is this? [shows her bare shoulder]	no

 PHOEBE: OK, that's my tattoo.	no

 PHOEBE: OK, hi. For your information this is exactly what I wanted. This is a tattoo of the earth as seen from a great distance. It's the way my mother sees me from heaven.	no

 ROSS: You got a tattoo?	no

 ROSS: Lemme see. [looks]	no

 RACHEL: Well?	no

 RACHEL: Really?	no

 ROSS: Yeah, so uh, is it sore or can you do stuff?	no

 RACHEL: I guess.	no

 ROSS: Hey, save us some pizza. [they go off to Rachel's room]	no

 JOEY: Yes! And the table is mine.	no

 PHOEBE: I know you're just moving uptown but I'm really gonna miss you.	no

 MONICA: I know, how can you not be accross the hall anymore.	no

 CHANDLER: [quietly] Yeah, I remember.	no

 CHANDLER: Thanks.	no

 JOEY: So, I guess this is it.	no

 CHANDLER: Yeah, right, yeah, I guess so. [Joey walks to the door. He stops, turns around.]	no

 JOEY: Listen, uh, I don't know when I'm gonna see you again.	no

 CHANDLER: Well, I'm guessing uh, tonight at the coffee house.	no

 JOEY: Right, yeah. OK. Um, take care.	no

 CHANDLER: Yeah. [Joey walks out and after a few seconds comes back in and gives Chandler a big hug. He then leaves for good and Chandler is left alone in his apartment.] CLOSING CREDITS END <!--webbot bot="ImageMap" startspan rectangle=" (140,2) (197, 84)  http://thecfsi.com/season2/217emi.htm" rectangle=" (71,1) (130, 84)  http://thecfsi.com/season2.htm" rectangle=" (0,2) (57, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season2/215rryk.htm" src="contrl08.gif" width="194" height="60" alt="contrl08.gif (14783 bytes)" --><!--webbot bot="ImageMap" i-checksum="50759" endspan -->	no

 ROSS: Get out.	no

 ALL: No.	no

 MONICA: [looking at some kind of glass sculpture thing] Wow Joey, this is, uhh...	no

 JOEY: Art.	no

 MONICA: Art it is.	no

 JOEY: Thanks, yeah. I love this but ya know what, it makes me wanna pee.	no

 PHOEBE: Yeah, well me too, yeah. I think that's the challenge.	no

 JOEY: Hey, how come, uhh, Chandler didn't come?	no

 ROSS: Well uh, it's cause he had a thing with, wi-, with the thing.	no

 JOEY: Right, I go-, I got it.	no

 PHOEBE: So why don't ya show us the rest of your casa?	no

 RACHEL: Hey, nice toilet.	no

 JOEY: No no no, behind it.	no

 JOEY: That's right, I have a phone in here.	no

 MONICA: Joey, promise me something.	no

 JOEY: Yeah.	no

 PHOEBE: Oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God. You are not gonna believe this. I have just been discovered.	no

 PHOEBE: Anyway, OK, now promise you won't like, freak out and say how great this is until I'm done, OK.	no

 ALL: OK.	no

 PHOEBE: I told you not to do that yet. And, she wants to do a video.	no

 PHOEBE: I'm not done yet, OK. God. OK, if that goes well, they may even want to make an album. [everyone is quiet, unsure if she's done or not]	no

 PHOEBE: I'm done now.	no

 ROSS: Get the what?	no

 MONICA: Damnit Ross, get your butt out of the bathroom.	no

 ROSS: Calm down, I'm blow drying. [Rachel enters with laundry and starts folding]	no

 MONICA: Blow drying what, you have no hair.	no

 RACHEL: Well, you're not sixteen, you're both adults now.	no

 MONICA: GET OUT YOU DUFUS!!	no

 ROSS: [comes out] All yours.	no

 MONICA: Shut up.	no

 ROSS: [childish voice] Shut up.	no

 MONICA: Cut it out.	no

 ROSS: [childish voice] Mi-mi-mii. [Monica goes in the bathroom]	no

 JOEY: Hello.	no

 CHANDLER: Hey.	no

 JOEY: Hey!	no

 CHANDLER: Listen, I'm, I'm sorry I didn't make it over there today.	no

 JOEY: Oh, that's OK. You uh, you had a thing.	no

 CHANDLER: Oh hey, it's, it's terriffic. I mean it's a regular space... fest.	no

 JOEY: Oh, well great.	no

 CHANDLER: Yeah I just... wanted to call and say hey.	no

 CHANDLER: That's right my friend. It's time for...	no

 BOTH: Baywatch!! [both turn on TV's]	no

 CHANDLER: I still can't believe they promoted her to lieutenant.	no

 CHANDLER: See, this is the brilliance of the show. I say always keep them running. All the time, running. Run. Run Yasmine, run like the wind.	no

 MONICA: But I thought you wanted to live by yourself.	no

 PHOEBE: Joey, why don't you talk to Chandler about moving back?	no

 JOEY: You really think he'd take me? I mean, we had a pretty good talk last night but, when I moved out, I hurt him bad.	no

 MONICA: I promise you, he would definitely want you back.	no

 ROSS: I'm telling you, there's no way he's moving back.	no

 ROSS: Look, I know you don't want to hear this right now but, we've seen him in his new place, alright. And he's happy, he's, he's decorated.	no

 RACHEL: Look, Chandler, he has moved on, OK, you have to too.	no

 CHANDLER: But...	no

 ROSS: No. You're just gonna have to accept the fact that you're just friends now, OK, you're not... rommmates anymore.	no

 PRODUCER: OK Phoebe, you ready to try one?	no

 PHOEBE: OH!! Oh I thought they were just watching me. You know, like at, like at an aquarium, ya know.	no

 PHOEBE: OK. [singing] Smelly cat, smell-ly cat, what are they feeding you? Smelly cat [back up singers - smelly, smelly, smelly, really bad smelly cat, it's not your fault] OK, sorry. I'm just, I'm just not getting that everyone um, gets how smelly this cat acually is. I just think that maybe if we could talk about this, 'cause I need to feel that you really care about the cat.	no

 MONICA: I was.	no

 MONICA: Did she leave a number?	no

 MONICA: I don't have her number, butt-munch.	no

 ROSS: Well, she'll call back, don't be such a baby.	no

 MONICA: I'm not a baby, you're the baby.	no

 ROSS: Look, you wanna get off my back?	no

 MONICA: You wanna get out of my face?	no

 MONICA: Give me that.	no

 ROSS: OK.	no

 JOEY: Hey.	no

 CHANDLER: Well, uh, why don't you ask him yourself. Joey, this is my new roommate Eddie.	no

 EDDIE: Nice to meet ya.	no

 JOEY: Wow.	no

 JOEY: Well I uh, got what I came for. [puts on moose hat] I'll uh, I'll see you guys.	no

 JOEY: Yeah, yeah he is. [leaves]	no

 MONICA: I can't believe he has a new roommate. Who is this guy?	no

 ROSS: Uh, Eddie something. He just met him.	no

 RACHEL: It'll never last, he's just a rebound roommate. [Pheobe enters]	no

 PHOEBE: Hey.	no

 ALL: Hey.	no

 PHOEBE: Oh, check it out, oh check it out. It's Smelly Cat the video.	no

 ALL: [cheer]	no

 PHOEBE: Oh my God.	no

 ROSS: I know.	no

 RACHEL: Pretty uhm, different huh?	no

 PHOEBE: Oh, I am sorry but I am incredibly talented.	no

 JOEY: Eddie.	no

 CHANDLER: Morning.	no

 CHANDLER: Oh it's uh, over there on the table.	no

 JOEY: You don't keep it over here on this table any more?	no

 CHANDLER: No, Eddie likes to keep it over there.	no

 EDDIE: Alright, here you go my friend. Eggs a-la Eddie, huh?	no

 CHANDLER: Oh, ooh.	no

 JOEY: Huh.	no

 CHANDLER: What?	no

 JOEY: No I just uh, thought you liked your eggs with the bread with the hole in the middle, a-la me.	no

 EDDIE: Well you guys, I'm outta here. See ya pals.	no

 CHANDLER: See ya. [Eddie leaves]	no

 CHANDLER: Oh, I couldn't be happier.	no

 CHANDLER: There's another carton right over there.	no

 JOEY: Hey, this isn't about juice anymore, alright man.	no

 CHANDLER: Alright, so what's it about?	no

 JOEY: Eggs. Who's eggs do you like better, his or mine, huh?	no

 CHANDLER: Well I like both eggs equally.	no

 CHANDLER: Well what's the difference? Your eggs aren't here anymore, are they? You took your eggs and you left. You really expect me to never find new eggs?	no

 ROSS: Tough noogies, we're watching Predators of the Serengetti.	no

 RACHEL: Would you guys stop.	no

 MONICA: It's my TV.	no

 MONICA: Bite me.	no

 RACHEL: Oh my God.	no

 ROSS: Well, Monica keeps changin' the channel.	no

 MONICA: Not that, this, US. Oh my God, Ross, you-re, you're, it's jus-, you-, ever sin- you been here.	no

 ROSS: Ow, ow, OK. Alright, alright, Mon, Mon, you've gone ultrasonic again, alright.	no

 MONICA: I just can't stand you being here all the time.	no

 MONICA: Fun? Fun, you think this is fun?	no

 ROSS: Yeah, c'mon I mean I though, you know, I thought we're just foolin' around. Like when, uh, when we were kids.	no

 MONICA: Ross, I hated you when we were kids.	no

 ROSS: You hated me when we were kids?	no

 MONICA: Yes. I hated you. I mean I, I, loved you in a 'you're my brother so I have to' kind of way, but basically, yeah, I hated your guts.	no

 ROSS: Why did you hate me?	no

 MONICA: Because, you were mean to me and you, you teased me and you always, always got your way.	no

 MONICA: Duh-huh!	no

 ROSS: I can't believe you hated me.	no

 MONICA: Now I love you. And not just 'cause I have to.	no

 ROSS: Really?	no

 MONICA: Yeah. You're just gonna have to stop pissing me off.	no

 ROSS: I can do that.	no

 MONICA: Yeah, thanks. You know what?	no

 ROSS: What?	no

 MONICA: If you really want to watch that Serengetti thing, you can.	no

 PHOEBE: Hey.	no

 ALL: Hey.	no

 PHOEBE: Listen. You are not going to believe this but, that is not me singing on the video.	no

 ALL: No.	no

 PHOEBE: Yes.	no

 PHOEBE: Well, I can't work with people who would do this.	no

 MONICA: Sure.	no

 PHOEBE: I mean this poor woman.	no

 ROSS: What woman?	no

 RACHEL: OK, Phoebs. But what about you?	no

 EDDIE: No thanks man, I'm not uh, I'm not really into sports.	no

 EDDIE: Y-, y-, you like that show?	no

 CHANDLER: You don't like that show?	no

 CHANDLER: Well that's the brilliance of it. The pretty people... and the running.	no

 EDDIE: I tell ya, I-, I'm gonna go read in my room for a little while.	no

 PHOEBE: [singing] Smelly cat, smell-ly cat, what are they feeding you? Everybody.	no

 ALL: Smelly cat, smell-ly cat, it's not your fault.	no

 PHOEBE: Monica.	no

 PHOEBE: Chandler.	no

 MONICA: Joey.	no

 PHOEBE: Rachel.	no

 RACHEL: [sings] And you're no friend to those with noses.	no

 PHOEBE: Uh, Ross, those are the only lines we have, sorry. OK, you guys, once more. END <!--webbot bot="ImageMap" startspan rectangle=" (138,2) (197, 84)  http://thecfsi.com/season2/218drd.htm" rectangle=" (70,3) (129, 84)  http://thecfsi.com/season2.htm" rectangle=" (0,1) (57, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season2/216jmo.htm" src="contrl08.gif" width="194" height="60" alt="contrl08.gif (14783 bytes)" --><!--webbot bot="ImageMap" i-checksum="48752" endspan -->	no

 AMBER: Oh Drake. DR. REMORE: I'm sorry Amber. It's just like Brad to have to have the last word. [Ross enters]	no

 ROSS: I'm sorry I'm late, what happened?	no

 MONICA: We, we just wanna see the end.	no

 AMBER: I want you Drake. DR. REMORE: I know you do but you and I can never be together that way.	no

 CHANDLER: God that is good TV. OPENING TITLES	no

 CHANDLER: Phoebs, play with meeee.	no

 PHOEBE: Why don't you play with your roommate?	no

 PHOEBE: Uh oh, ooh, are we not getting along with the new boy?	no

 CHANDLER: No he's, he's alright, just uh, he spends most of his time in his room.	no

 PHOEBE: Oh yeah, it'll be fun. [throws a tennis ball at Eddie's bedroom door]	no

 EDDIE: What was that?	no

 EDDIE: Yeah alright, that sounds alright.	no

 CHANDLER: That was so lame.	no

 PHOEBE: I know, yeah. Ok, talk to him. [leaves]	no

 CHANDLER: So, you uh, you think that Speed Racer guy gets a lot of tickets er?	no

 EDDIE: That's good, that's good. So, so, so who broke up with who?	no

 EDDIE: That's good man, when everybody knows that the uh, the capital of Cambodia is uh...	no

 CHANDLER: Well it's not Sean Penn.	no

 PHOEBE: And a crusty old man said I'll do what I can and the rest of the rats played moroccas. That's it, thanks, good night.	no

 RICHARD: Phoebe's got another job, right?	no

 RACHEL: Great set tonight Phoebs.	no

 PHOEBE: I know.	no

 ROSS: Well, we should probably get going.	no

 RICHARD: Um, we should go too, I got patients at 8 in the moring.	no

 MONICA: Ya know, I was thinking. Ya know how we always stay at your apartment? Well, I thought maybe tonight we'd stay at my place.	no

 RICHARD: I don't know, I don't have my jammies.	no

 MONICA: Well, maybe you don't need them.	no

 MONICA: Shut up, I'm happy.	no

 PHOEBE: Ok.	no

 RICHARD: Hear that? She likes me best, and apparently there've been a lot.	no

 RACHEL: Phoebe's dead.	no

 TILLY: Hi.	no

 CHANDLER: Hi.	no

 TILLY: I'm looking for Eddie Minowick.	no

 CHANDLER: Oh, uh, he's not here right now, uh, I'm Chandler, can I take a message, or, or a fishtank?	no

 TILLY: Thanks.	no

 CHANDLER: Oh, oh, c'mon in.	no

 TILLY: I'm Tilly.	no

 CHANDLER: Oh.	no

 TILLY: I gather by that oh that he told you about me.	no

 CHANDLER: Yes. Hey, can I ask you, is Eddie a little...	no

 EDDIE: [walks around corner] A little what?	no

 EDDIE: Hello Tilly.	no

 TILLY: Eddie, I just came by to drop off your tank.	no

 EDDIE: That's very thoughtful of you. It's very thougtful.	no

 TILLY: Well, ok then. I'm gonna go. Bye.	no

 EDDIE: Bye-bye.	no

 CHANDLER: Bye. [Tilly leaves]	no

 EDDIE: You had sex with her didn't you?	no

 JOEY: Phoebs, check it out, check it out, check it out, check it out.	no

 JOEY: Page 42, page 42, page 42.	no

 JOEY: Ooh, I look good.	no

 JOEY: I fall down an elevator shaft? What the hell does this mean, I fall down an elevator shaft? DELIVERY GUY: Uhh, I don't know, I just bring the scripts.	no

 JOEY: They can't kill me, I'm Francesca's long lost son. DELIVERY GUY: Right. Could you sign this?	no

 JOEY: How can they do this to me? DELIVERY GUY: Er, uh, I'm just gonna go. Sorry.	no

 MONICA: Well it wasn't that many guys. I mean, if you consider how many guys there actually are, it's a very small percentage.	no

 ROSS: G'night.	no

 RICHARD: Night Richard. Good luck Mon.	no

 MONICA: Alright, before I tell you, uh, why don't you tell me how many women you've been with.	no

 RICHARD: Two.	no

 MONICA: Two? TWO? How is that possible? I mean, have you seen you?	no

 MONICA: Two it is. Ok, time for bed, I'm gonna go brush my teeth. [goes in the bathroom]	no

 MONICA: Ok, it is definitely less than a ballpark. [Rachel's bedroom]	no

 ROSS: Tell me about it. So what, what's your magic number?	no

 RACHEL: Uhhhooo.	no

 ROSS: C'mon, you know everyone I've been with. All, both of them.	no

 RACHEL: Well, there's you.	no

 RACHEL: Oh honey, are you jealous of Paolo? Oh, c'mon, I'm so much happier with you than I ever was with him.	no

 ROSS: Really?	no

 CHANDLER: Eddie, I didn't sleep with your ex-girlfriend.	no

 CHANDLER: Buddy?	no

 RICHARD: That's it? That's the giant number you were afraid to tell me?	no

 MONICA: Well yeah.	no

 RICHARD: Well, that's not bad at all. I mean, you had me thinkin it was like a fleet.	no

 MONICA: You really ok with it?	no

 RICHARD: Oh honey, I'm fine.	no

 RICHARD: What? Alright, what about my two?	no

 MONICA: Well, it just seems like a really small number.	no

 RICHARD: Right, and...	no

 MONICA: But you've only slept with two people.	no

 RICHARD: Right.	no

 RICHARD: Now I do. [they kiss and fall to the bed] [Ross and Rachel are in Rachel's bedroom]	no

 RACHEL: Ross, Ross, please listen to me. Ross, you are so much better for me than Paolo ever was. I mean you care about me, you're loving, you make me laugh.	no

 RACHEL: God, Ross, look, what you and I have is special, all Paolo and I ever had was...	no

 RACHEL: Ok, Ross, try to hear me. Ok, I, hey, I'm not gonna lie to you. Ok, it was good with Paolo.	no

 RACHEL: But, what you and I have is so much better. Ok, we have tenderness, we have intimacy, we connect. Ya know, I swear, this is the best I have ever had.	no

 ROSS: Until now. [jumps on Rachel on the bed] [later in the bathroom Monica is looking in the drawer, Rachel runs up]	no

 RACHEL: Oh, hi.	no

 MONICA: Hi. Richard just told me he loves me.	no

 RACHEL: Oh my God, honey that's great.	no

 MONICA: I know. I just can't find...	no

 RACHEL: Oh they're in the top drawer. Hurry.	no

 MONICA: You need one too?	no

 RACHEL: Ooooh yeah. [they pull out the box of condoms but there's only one left]	no

 MONICA: There's only one.	no

 RICHARD: Monica.	no

 ROSS: [comes out of the bedroom] Rachel. [growls then sees Richard standing there] Hey.	no

 RICHARD: No.	no

 RICHARD: I have a little comb.	no

 ROSS: Oh. And what do you call that?	no

 RACHEL: Ok, I, I will do your laundry for one month.	no

 MONICA: No.	no

 RACHEL: Agghhh.	no

 ROSS: So were you in Nam?	no

 RACHEL: Rock-paper-scissors?	no

 MONICA: Yeah. RACHEL and MONICA: One two three. [Rachel picks rock, Monica picks scissors]	no

 RACHEL: Yeesss.	no

 MONICA: Fine, go have sex.	no

 RACHEL: Honey.	no

 ROSS: What, what oh....[Ross and Rachel go into her room]	no

 MONICA: It's not gonna happen. They're doing it tonight, we can do it tomorrow.	no

 MONICA: Why?	no

 ROSS: Yeah.	no

 MONICA: Wait, he's not here yet.	no

 ROSS: Yeah.	no

 MONICA: Alright.	no

 CHANDLER: Oh, I'm fine about my problem now, by the way.	no

 RACHEL: Oh good. DR. REMORE: Amber, I want you to know that I'll always be there for you, as a friend and as your brother.	no

 AMGER: I love you Drake. DR. REMORE: Yeah, whatever. Oh no.	no

 AMBER: Drake, look out. DR. REMORE: Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.	no

 MONICA: Did they just kill off Joey?	no

 ROSS: No. [sound of Dr. Remore's body hitting the bottom of the shaft] Now maybe.	no

 ROSS: C'mon.	no

 RACHEL: Joey.	no

 ROSS: Open up. We want to talk to you.	no

 JOEY: I don't feel like talkin.	no

 RACHEL: Oh c'mon Joey, we care about you.	no

 MONICA: And some of us really have to pee. [Joey opens the door]	no

 MONICA: Sorry Joey [runs to the bathroom]	no

 JOEY: Hey.	no

 PHOEBE: Listen, sorry about your death, that really sucks.	no

 ROSS: How could you not tell us?	no

 JOEY: I don't know, I was kinda hopin' no one would ever find out.	no

 RACHEL: Well, maybe they can find a way to bring you back.	no

 PHOEBE: But Joey, you're gonna be fine. You don't need that show, it was just a dumb soap opera.	no

 PHOEBE: Yes, I was going to incorporate that. Oh good, here's Monica, she'll have something nice to say.	no

 CHANDLER: It's gonna be ok. You know that?	no

 CHANDLER: I'm sorry man.	no

 JOEY: No, that means nothin to me.	no

 CHANDLER: Uhhhaahh.	no

 EDDIE: Uh, sure, why not.	no

 CHANDLER: [throws it across the room while Eddie's not looking] Listen Eddie, um, I've been thinking about our current living situation and uh, why are you smiling?	no

 EDDIE: What's you point man?	no

 ROSS: Hey.	no

 RICHARD: Hey.	no

 ROSS: Hey.	no

 RICHARD: Ohh, brisk tonight.	no

 ROSS: Oh man.	no

 RICHARD: Let's never speak of this.	no

 ROSS: You got it. END <!--webbot bot="ImageMap" startspan rectangle=" (138,1) (197, 84)  http://thecfsi.com/season2/219ewg.htm" rectangle=" (71,2) (131, 84)  http://thecfsi.com/season2.htm" rectangle=" (0,0) (58, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season2/217emi.htm" src="contrl08.gif" width="194" height="60" alt="contrl08.gif (14783 bytes)" --><!--webbot bot="ImageMap" i-checksum="48434" endspan -->	no

 CHANDLER: Why?	no

 EDDIE: Makes me feel um, peaceful, heh-heh, please.	no

 CHANDLER: I can't sleep now.	no

 CHANDLER: No, look, that's it, it's over, I want you out, I want you out of the apartment now.	no

 EDDIE: No. See now I don't think you're being fair. I mean one night you see me and you get scared, I mean, what about all the other nights when you don't see me, huh? What about last night when you went and got a drink of water and I was nice enough to hide behind the door, what's that about, huh?	no

 CHANDLER: I didn't realize that.	no

 EDDIE: Yeah.	no

 CHANDLER: GET OUT NOW!!	no

 EDDIE: Ok, you really want me out?	no

 CHANDLER: Yes please.	no

 EDDIE: Ok, then I want to hear you say it, I, I want to hear you say you want me out.	no

 CHANDLER: I want you out.	no

 EDDIE: No no no, I wanna hear it from your lips.	no

 EDDIE: Oh, right, all right, you know what pallie I understand, consider me gone, you know what, I'll be out by the time you get home from work tomorrow. [Eddie leaves the room and Chandler mouths &quot;Thank you&quot; to himself]	no

 EDDIE: I heard that. OPENING TITLES	no

 JOEY: Hey.	no

 MONICA: Hey.	no

 RACHEL: Hey. Whe-ell, look at you, finally got that time machine workin' huh?	no

 JOEY: Seriously, you like it? This guy was sellin' them on 8th avenue and I looked at 'em and I though, you know what I don't have?	no

 JOEY: Fine, make fun. I think it's jaunty.	no

 MONICA: Cache? Jaunty?	no

 PHOEBE: Hey.	no

 MONICA: Hey.	no

 RACHEL: Hey.	no

 PHOEBE: Oooh, so so so, did you read the book?	no

 MONICA: Oh my God, it was incredible.	no

 PHOEBE: Didn't it like totally speak to you?	no

 RACHEL: Woah, woah, woah, what book is this?	no

 PHOEBE: Ya-huh, all the time, cause they are the lightning bearers.	no

 RACHEL: Wow.	no

 PHOEBE: Yeah.	no

 RACHEL: Well that sounds kinda cool, kinda like The Hobbit.	no

 MONICA: It is nothing like the Hobbit. It's like reading about every relationship I've ever had, except for Richard.	no

 MONICA: No.	no

 MONICA: Yes. But all the other ones.	no

 JOEY: Anybody want a croan.	no

 PHOEBE: Ok, this is a typical lightning-bearer thing. Right there, it's like, um, 'Hello, who wants one of my fallic shaped man cakes?'	no

 ESTELLE: Don't worry about it already. Things happen.	no

 ESTELLE: Joey, look at me, look at me. Do I have lipstick on my teeth?	no

 ESTELLE: Look honey, people get fired left and right in this business. I already got you an audition for Another World.	no

 ESTELLE: Things change, roll with em.	no

 ESTELLE: Joey, I'm gonna tell you the same thing I told Al Minser and his pyramid of dogs. Take any job you can get and don't make on the floor.	no

 RACHEL: Oh, God, oh, God, I mean it's just so.	no

 MONICA: Isn't it.	no

 RACHEL: Uhh, I mean this is like reading about my own life. I mean this book could have been called 'Be Your Own Windkeeper Rachel'.	no

 ROSS: Hey you guys.	no

 MONICA: Hey.	no

 ROSS: Uh, sweetie we've gotta go.	no

 RACHEL: NO!	no

 ROSS: No?	no

 RACHEL: No, why do we always have to do everything according to your time table?	no

 ROSS: You, you know I, I don't, have a- have a problem with that.	no

 RACHEL: Ok, I just, I just really need to be with myself right now. I'm sorry.	no

 PHOEBE: Um-um, um-um.	no

 RACHEL: You're right, I don't have to apologize. Sorry. Damnit!	no

 JOEY: What is it?	no

 JOEY: See, this is why I don't date women who read. Uh-oh.	no

 ROSS: What, what's that?	no

 ROSS: Open it, open in.	no

 JOEY: Oh my God.	no

 ROSS: Woah.	no

 JOEY: Look at this, how did I spend so much money?	no

 ROSS: Uh Joey, that's just the minumum amount due, that's your total due.	no

 JOEY: Ahh.	no

 JOEY: What?	no

 ROSS: That audition.	no

 JOEY: That's a two line part.	no

 JOEY: So what.	no

 ROSS: So suck it up man, it's a job, it's money.	no

 JOEY: Hey, look, I don't need you getting all judgemental and condescending and pedantic.	no

 ROSS: Toilet paper?	no

 JOEY: Yeah.	no

 ROSS: Look, I'm not being any of those things, ok, I'm just being realistic.	no

 ROSS: I am your friend.	no

 JOEY: Well then tell me things like, 'Joey you'll be fine,' and, 'Hang in there,' and, and, 'Somethin' big's fonna come along, I know it.'	no

 JOEY: Hey Ross, I'm aware of what I owe.	no

 ROSS: Huh, I'm just saying...	no

 JOEY: Well don't just say.	no

 ROSS: Ya know, maybe, maybe I should just go.	no

 JOEY: Ok.	no

 ROSS: Ok. I'll see ya later. Just think about it, ok.	no

 JOEY: I don't need to think about it. I was Dr. Drake Remoray. That was huge. Big things are gonna happen, you'll see. Ross, you still there?	no

 EDDIE: Hey pal.	no

 CHANDLER: Look you have to help me out here. I thought we had a deal. I thought by the time...	no

 EDDIE: Ah-ah-ah, you know what that is?	no

 JOEY: Hey Gunther, let me get a lemonade to go.	no

 JOEY: Ah, it's career stuff. I don't know if you heard but they killed off my character on the show.	no

 GUNTHER: That sucks. I was buried in an avalanche.	no

 JOEY: What?	no

 GUNTHER: I used to be Bryce on All My Children.	no

 CHANDLER: Daaahhhh!	no

 MONICA: Aaahhhhhhh! Aaahhhh!	no

 MONICA: I wa-	no

 CHANDLER: Uuuh.	no

 CHANDLER: Get out. Get out, get out, get out, get out, get out, get out.	no

 EDDIE: What?	no

 CHANDLER: You, move out. Take your fruit, your stupid small fruit and GET OUT!	no

 EDDIE: You, you want, you want me to move out?	no

 CHANDLER: Uh-huh.	no

 EDDIE: I uh, I gotta tell you man, I mean, that's uh, it's kinda out of the blue, I mean don't you think?	no

 JOEY: All the way to the airport huh? You know that's over 30 miles, that's gonna cost you about so bucks. CASTING GUY: Excuse me, that's 50 bucks.	no

 JOEY: What? CASTING GUY: Five oh dollars.	no

 MONICA: And I would have to say pah-huh.	no

 PHOEBE: What?	no

 MONICA: Do you not remember the puppet guy?	no

 MONICA: And his puppet too.	no

 MONICA: Who?	no

 PHOEBE: Paul.	no

 MONICA: Oh.	no

 RACHEL: Ok, ok, ok, moving on, moving on, next question. Ok number 29, have you ever betrayed another goddess for a lightning bearer? Ok, number 30.	no

 MONICA: Woah, woah, woah, let's go back to 29.	no

 RACHEL: Not uh, not to my recollection.	no

 RACHEL: Only 'cause you took up half the circle.	no

 PHOEBE: Listen to you two. It's so sad. Looks like I'm gonna be going to the goddess meetings alone.	no

 JOEY: They're takin all my stuff back. I guess you were right.	no

 JOEY: Thanks Ross.	no

 JOEY: I went.	no

 ROSS: Great, how did it go?	no

 JOEY: I didn't get it.	no

 ROSS: Good for you.	no

 JOEY: What?	no

 ROSS: You're livin' the dream.	no

 JOEY: Huh?	no

 ROSS: All right then.	no

 JOEY: [movers removing a glass parrot] Oh, not my parrot.	no

 ROSS: What?	no

 JOEY: I can't watch this.	no

 MOVER: 1200.	no

 JOEY: Uhhh, I was an impulse buyer, near the register.	no

 ROSS: Go ahead, go ahead with the bird. Ok, do you have anything for around 200?	no

 MOVER: Uh, the dog. [points to a big poecelain greyhound]	no

 ROSS: Huh.	no

 MOVER: Yeah.	no

 ROSS: I'll take it. My gift to you man.	no

 JOEY: Thanks Ross. I really like that bird though...I'll take the dog though.	no

 RACHEL: Here are your cakes.	no

 MONICA: You're right.	no

 RACHEL: You know.	no

 RACHEL: Thank you. So are we good?	no

 MONICA: We're good.	no

 RACHEL: We're good?	no

 PHOEBE: Yeah.	no

 RACHEL: Ok, let me take these cakes back 'cause they're gonna take that out of my paycheck.	no

 MONICA: Are you sure this time?	no

 CHANDLER: Our next cocktail party?	no

 EDDIE: Yeah, you know, put chips in it, we'll make like a chip chick.	no

 CHANDLER: Eddie, do you remember yesterday?	no

 EDDIE: Uh yes, I think I vaguely recall it.	no

 CHANDLER: Do you remember talking to me yesterday?	no

 EDDIE: Uh, yes.	no

 CHANDLER: So what happened?	no

 MONICA: So on this road trip, did you guys win any money?	no

 MONICA: Nice.	no

 EDDIE: Yeah. Well see ya upstairs. See ya pals.	no

 CHANDLER: May I help you?	no

 EDDIE: It's Eddie you freak, your roommate.	no

 CHANDLER: I, I'm sorry, I uh [unchains the door and opens it all the way] I already have a roommate. [Joey turns around in the leather recliner]	no

 JOEY: Hello.	no

 EDDIE: No he, he moved out and I moved in.	no

 JOEY: I know I would.	no

 EDDIE: Well that's uh, that's a good point. Um ok, well, uh, I guess I got the wrong apartment then. I, I'm, look, I'm, ya know, I'm sorry, I'm terriably sorry.	no

 JOEY: Hey no problem.	no

 JOEY: A little foos?	no

 CHANDLER: Absolutely.	no

 CHANDLER: Hey look, are we gonna have to bring this out every time Ross comes over?	no

 JOEY: He paid a lot of money for it.	no

 CHANDLER: I'm gonna hold him a different way. Look I don't understand, if you hated it so much, why did you buy it in the first place?	no

 David: ...But, you can't actually test this theory, because today's particle accelerators are nowhere near powerful enough to simulate these conditions.	no

 Phoebe: Okay, alright, I have a question, then.	no

 David: Rrrreally.	no

 David: ...Now? Now?	no

 Phoebe: Okay, now you're just kinda tidying.	no

 David: Okay, what the hell, what the hell. (Sweeps the remaining papers off the desk and grabs Phoebe) You want me to actually throw you or you-you wanna just hop?	no

 Ross: So tell me something. What does the phrase 'no date pact' mean to you?	no

 Monica: I'm sorry, okay. It's just that Chandler has somebody, and Phoebe has somebody- I thought I'd ask Fun Bobby.	no

 Monica: Yeah.	no

 Chandler: I happen to know a Fun Bob.	no

 Joey: Ooh ooh ooh ooh, there's no room for milk!	no

 Joey: Uh, four.	no

 Rachel: Five.	no

 Ross: Five. (Buries his head in his hands)	no

 Joey: Yeah, and I met this really hot single mom at the store. What's an elf to do?	no

 Ross: Okay, so I'm gonna be the only one standing there alone when the ball drops?	no

 Rachel: Oh, c'mon. We'll have, we'll have a big party, and no-one'll know who's with who.	no

 Ross: Hey, y'know, this is so not what I needed right now.	no

 Monica: What's the matter?	no

 Chandler: That's so weird, I had such a blast with him the other night.	no

 Chandler: Yeah, we played, we watched TV.. that juggling thing is amazing.	no

 Ross: What, uh... what juggling thing?	no

 Chandler: With the balled-up socks? I figured you taught him that.	no

 Phoebe: Oh, hi Max! Hey, do you know everybody?	no

 Phoebe: No, no, he hasn't been around.	no

 Phoebe: Minsk?	no

 Phoebe: I know where Minsk is.	no

 Phoebe: So when, when do you leave?	no

 Phoebe: Hello?	no

 David: Hey!	no

 Phoebe: Hi.	no

 David: Hi! (Kisses her) What-what're you doing here?	no

 Phoebe: Um, well, Max told me about Minsk, so (Puts on a fake cheery voice) congratulations! This is so exciting!	no

 David: Thank you, Max. Thank you.	no

 Phoebe: So-so you're really not going?	no

 Phoebe: Oh don't do that.	no

 David: Please.	no

 Phoebe: Oh no no.	no

 David: No, but I'm asking-	no

 Phoebe: Oh, but I can't do that-	no

 David: No, but I can't-	no

 Phoebe: It's your thing, and-	no

 David: -make the decision-	no

 Phoebe: Okay, um, stay.	no

 David: Stay.	no

 Phoebe: Stay. (He thinks for a moment and sweeps the stuff off the table)	no

 David: It was Max's stuff. (They kiss)	no

 Chandler: You remember Janice.	no

 Monica: Vividly. (Someone knocks on the door; Monica gets it)	no

 Monica: Hi.	no

 Sandy: Hi, I'm Sandy.	no

 Sandy: Yeah. That's okay, right? (Joey and Monica look at each other and shrug. Ross enters with Marcel on his shoulder)	no

 Ross: Par-tay!	no

 Monica: That thing is not coming in here.	no

 Monica: Alright. Just keep him away from me.	no

 Monica: Oh my gosh! Rachel, honey.. are you okay? Where-where's Paolo?	no

 Rachel: Rome. Jerk missed his flight.	no

 Phoebe: And then... your face is bloated?	no

 Joey: Wow, that's, uh, dirty.	no

 Sandy: Yeah. (They almost kiss and then Joey realises her kids are staring at them)	no

 Joey: Hey, kids...	no

 Chandler: (Imitating) But you found me!	no

 Chandler: I'm sorry you misunderstood...	no

 Chandler: Oh, will you give me the thing. (Snatches the camera) (David is feeding Phoebe popcorn. Max walks up)	no

 Phoebe: Hi, Max!	no

 David: Wow.	no

 Phoebe: Are you alright?	no

 David: Yeah, I'm fine, I'm fine. (Phoebe leads David into a bedroom)	no

 Phoebe: You're going to Minsk.	no

 David: No, I'm... not going to Minsk.	no

 David: Uh, ow.	no

 Phoebe: Ooh, sorry. Um, and, and then you put your arms around me. And then you put your arms around me. (He does so) And, um, and then you tell me that you love me and you'll never forget me.	no

 David: I'll never forget you.	no

 Joey: There y'go, kids.	no

 Joey: You seen Sandy?	no

 Chandler: Ooh. Uh, I don't know how to tell you this, but she's in Monica's bedroom, getting it on with Max, that scientist geek. Ooh, look at that, I did know how to tell you.	no

 Rachel: Vrrbddy, the bll is drrbing.	no

 Chandler: And the moment of joy is upon us.	no

 Phoebe: Everybody looks so happy. I hate that.	no

 Chandler: Y'know, I uh.. just thought I'd throw this out here. I'm no math whiz, but I do believe there are three girls and three guys right here. (Makes kiss noise)	no

 Phoebe: I dunno. I don't feel like kissing anyone tonight.	no

 Rachel: I can't kiss anyone.	no

 Monica: So I'm kissing everyone?	no

 Joey: Nonono, you can't kiss Ross, that's your brother.	no

 Rachel: ...I think that bitch cracked my tooth. End	no

 Monica: Why?	no

 Phoebe: Just wanna check my horoscope, see if it was right.	no

 Monica: He's coming. Be cool, be cool, be cool. (The guy walks past them)	no

 Guy: Nice hat. Monica and Phoebe: (in unison) Thanks. (The guy walks on)	no

 Monica: We are not going to whistle.	no

 Phoebe: Come on, do it.	no

 Monica: No!	no

 Phoebe: Do it!	no

 Phoebe: Do it do it do it!	no

 Monica: Phoebe, what are you doing?	no

 Monica: I wish we at least knew his name... Look at that face. I mean, even sleeping, he looks smart. I bet he's a lawyer.	no

 Phoebe: Yeah, but did you see the dents in his knuckles? That means he's artistic.	no

 Monica: Okay, he's a lawyer, who teaches sculpting on the side. And- he can dance!	no

 Monica: I wish all guys could be like him.	no

 Phoebe: I know.	no

 Monica: He doesn't have anyone.	no

 Joey: I can't believe you said woowoo. I don't even say woowoo.	no

 Chandler: Y'know, we don't have to watch this. Weekend At Bernie's is on Showtime, HBO, and Cinemax.	no

 Rachel: No way, forget it.	no

 Joey: C'mon, she's your mom!	no

 Ross: C'mon, Chandler, I love your mom. I think she's a blast.	no

 Ross: Oh, please... (Rachel opens the door to Paolo)	no

 Monica: Last night.	no

 Phoebe: Hey hey hey! She's on!	no

 Phoebe: What about Glen? He could be a Glen.	no

 Phoebe: Ooh! How about Agamemnon?	no

 [Scene: A Mexican Restaurant, Monica, Phoebe, Joey, Chandler and his mom are there.] Mrs. Bing: I am famished. What do I want... (Looks at Chandler's menu)	no

 Monica: Yeah.	no

 Phoebe: I'm in. Mrs. Bing: There y'go. Ross?	no

 Ross: Uh, I'm not really a shot drinking kinda guy. (Enter Rachel and Paolo. They are both somewhat flustered)	no

 Rachel: Hi! Sorry- sorry we're late, we, uh, kinda just, y'know, lost track of time.	no

 Ross: Yeah, I'm fine, I'm fine. (A woman emerges from the toilet behind him and he tries to pretend he was in the other one) Mrs. Bing: What is with you tonight?	no

 Ross: Nothing. Nothing nothing nothing. Mrs. Bing: (To phone) Okay, thank you. (To Ross) It's the Italian Hand-Licker, isn't it.	no

 Ross: No. It's the one he's licking. Mrs. Bing: She's supposed to be with you.	no

 Ross: Please. Mrs. Bing: No, really, c'mon. You're smart, you're sexy...	no

 Ross: Right. Mrs. Bing: You are gonna be fine, believe me. (She kisses him on the cheek)	no

 Ross: Uh-oh... (...Then full on the mouth) (Enter Joey)	no

 Joey: Uhhhh.... I'll just pee in the street. Commercial Break	no

 Ross: Hey, is Chandler here?	no

 Ross: Okay, uh, about last night, um, Chandler.. you didn't tell... (Joey shakes his head) Okay, 'cause I'm thinking- we don't need to tell Chandler, I mean, it was just a kiss, right? One kiss? No big deal? Right?	no

 Joey: Right. No big deal.	no

 Ross: Okay.	no

 Joey: In Bizarro World!! You broke the code!	no

 Ross: What code?	no

 Joey: Yeah, well, you don't have your racket.	no

 Ross: No, no I don't, because it's being restrung, somebody was supposed to bring me one.	no

 Ross: Okay, I'm scum, I'm scum.	no

 Joey: Ross, how could you let this happen?	no

 Ross: Well... not in the same way...	no

 Ross: Okay, I think we're getting into a weird area here... (Monica and Rachel's door opens and Rachel and Paolo emerge)	no

 Rachel: Hey.	no

 Ross: Hey.	no

 Rachel: What're you guys doing out here?	no

 Ross: He didn't get the goggles!	no

 Joey: So are you gonna tell him?	no

 Ross: Why would I tell him?	no

 Ross: Oh...	no

 Monica: (Entering) What are you guys doing here?	no

 Monica: ...What did I ask?	no

 Monica: Hi.	no

 Phoebe: Hi.	no

 Monica: What are you doing here?	no

 Phoebe: Nothing, I just thought I'd stop by.. y'know, after the uh... that I.. y'know, so what are you doing here?	no

 Monica: I'm not really here. Just thought I'd drop these off...on the way.. my way... Do you come here a lot? Without me?	no

 Phoebe: No. (Monica brushes Coma Guy's hair in the other direction) No! No! ...So, um, do you think he's doing any better than he was this morning?	no

 Monica: How would I know? I-I wasn't here.	no

 Chandler: Oh my God.	no

 Ross: You're my friend. I-I had to tell you.	no

 Chandler: I can't believe it. Paolo kissed my mom?	no

 Chandler: (To Joey) You knew about this?	no

 Joey: Hey, hey, hey, you're lucky I caught them when I did, or else who knows what woulda happened.	no

 Chandler: (To Ross) I can't believe this! What the hell were you thinking?	no

 Ross: I wasn't- I mean, I-	no

 Chandler: Y'know, of all my friends, no-one knows the crap I go through with my mom more than you.	no

 Ross: I know-	no

 Chandler: I can't believe you did this. (Walks toward the door)	no

 Ross: Chandler-	no

 Joey: Me neither, y'know what-	no

 Chandler: I'm still mad at you for not telling me.	no

 Joey: What are you mad at me for?!	no

 Ross: Chandler-	no

 Ross: Joey-	no

 Monica: Hey.	no

 Rachel: Hey.	no

 Monica: (Reading) 'A Woman Undone, by Rachel Karen Green'.	no

 Rachel: Yeah. Thought I'd give it a shot. I'm still on the first chapter. Now, do you think his 'love stick can be liberated from its denim prison'?	no

 Monica: (Reads) Yeah, I'd say so. And there's no 'j' in 'engorged'.	no

 Rachel: Hey.	no

 Phoebe: Hello.	no

 Monica: Hello.	no

 Phoebe: Going to the hospital tonight?	no

 Monica: No, you?	no

 Phoebe: No, you?	no

 Monica: You just asked me.	no

 Ross: I cannot believe we're having this conversation.	no

 Joey: C'mon! Just try to picture her not pregnant, that's all.	no

 Rachel: (Into microphone) Central Perk is proud to present Miss Phoebe Buffay.	no

 Phoebe: Thanks. Hi, um, 'kay. I'd like to start with a song that's about a man that I recently met, who's, um, come to be very important to me. (Monica gives her a look) 'Kay. (Sung:) You don't have to be awake to be my man, As long as you have brainwaves I'll be there to hold your hand. Though we just met the other day, There's something I have got to say... (She sees Monica sneaking out) Okay, thank you very much, I'm gonna take a short break! (Runs out, knocking over the mike stand)	no

 Rachel: (Into mike) Okay, that was Phoebe Buffay, everybody. Woo! (Enter Chandler)	no

 Ross: Oh, uh, Phoebe just started a...	no

 Ross: Okay, well, if she always behaves like this, why don't you say something?	no

 Ross: No! Okay, you mean, you're not gonna talk to her, you're not gonna tell her how you feel?	no

 Phoebe: Alright, whadyou do with him? (There is the sound of a flushing toilet and Coma Guy emerges from the bathroom)	no

 Monica: Oh! You're awake!	no

 Phoebe: Look at you! How, how do you feel? Coma Guy: Uh, a little woozy, but basically okay.	no

 Monica: You look good! Coma Guy: I feel good! ...Who are you?	no

 Monica: Oh, sorry.	no

 Phoebe: I'm Phoebe Buffay.	no

 Monica: I'm Monica Geller. I've been taking care of you.	no

 Phoebe: Well, we both have. Coma Guy: So, the Etch-a-Sketch is from you guys?	no

 Phoebe: Well, actually it's just from me.	no

 Monica: I got you the foot massager.	no

 Phoebe: You know who shaved you? That was me.	no

 Monica: I read to you.	no

 Monica: Oh, my pleasure.	no

 Phoebe: You're welcome. Coma Guy: So. I guess I'll see you around.	no

 Phoebe: What, that's it?	no

 Monica: &quot;See you around?&quot; Coma Guy: Well, what do you want me to say?	no

 Monica: Oh, I don't know. Maybe, um, &quot;That was nice?&quot; Admit something to me? &quot;I'll call you?&quot; Coma Guy: Alright, I'll call you.	no

 Phoebe: I don't think you mean that.	no

 Chandler: You kissed my best Ross! ...Or something to that effect. Mrs. Bing: (Reentering) O-kay. Look, it, it was stupid.	no

 Chandler: Really stupid. Mrs. Bing: Really stupid. And I don't even know how it happened. I'm sorry, honey, I promise it will never happen again. Are we okay now?	no

 Joey: Shh. He did it. He told her off, and not just about the kiss, about everything.	no

 Ross: Wow!	no

 Joey: That makes more sense.	no

 Ross: So, what's going on now?	no

 Joey: I dunno, I've been standing here spelling it out for you! (Goes back to the door) I don't hear anything. Oh, wait, wait, wait. (Looks through the spyhole)	no

 Joey: Hard to tell, they're so tiny and upside-down. Wait, wait. They're walking away... they're walking away... No, no they're not, they're coming right at us! Run! Run! (Joey runs off down the hall. Ross tries Monica and Rachel's apartment, but it is locked so he has to stand in the hall and pretend he wasn't listening. Chandler and his mom come out) Mrs. Bing: You okay, kiddo?	no

 Chandler: Yeah, okay. Mrs. Bing: Alright. (Kisses him)	no

 Chandler: Nice save. (She walks down the hall)	no

 Ross: (Very politely) Mrs. Bing. Mrs. Bing: Mr. Geller. (She leaves) (Ross knocks on Monica and Rachel's door)	no

 Chandler: Hey.	no

 Ross: You mean that?	no

 Ross: Well, howdya feel?	no

 Chandler: Pretty good! I told her.	no

 Monica: What's a 'niffle'?	no

 Rachel: Alright, alright, so I'm not a great typist...	no

 Rachel: Alright, that's it! Give it back! That's it!	no

 Chandler: No-no-no-no, we're done. Opening Credits	no

 Ross: (waves) Hello!	no

 Monica: So, did I hear Poconos?	no

 Phoebe: Woo-hoo, first weekend away together!	no

 Monica: Yeah, that's a big step.	no

 Chandler: (to Ross) Ah, it's just a weekend, big deal!	no

 Joey: I love babies, with their little baby shoes, and their little baby toes, and their little baby hands...	no

 Joey: Need a new table.	no

 Chandler: You think?	no

 Ross: (pauses) I'm pretty sure that it is...	no

 Ross: Hey, when did you and Susan meet Huey Lewis?	no

 Carol: Uh, that's our friend Tanya.	no

 Ross: (surprised, chuckling nervously) Of course it's your friend Tanya. (looks up frightenedly)	no

 Carol: The sex of the baby, Ross.	no

 Ross: Oh, you know the sex of the baby? Oh, oh-oh-oh!	no

 Carol: Do you want to know?	no

 Ross: No, no, no, no, no, I don't want to know, absolutely not. I think, you know, I think you should know until you look down there, and say, oop, there it is! (pauses) Or isn't... (Susan enters)	no

 Ross: Susan...	no

 Susan: So, so, did you hear?	no

 Susan: Oh, well, is it what we thought it would be?	no

 Ross: Ok, what, what...ok, what did we think it was going to be? Carol and Susan: It's a...	no

 Ross: (interrupts) No, no, no I don't want to know, don't want to know. Ok, you know, I should probably, I should probably just go.	no

 Chandler: Ok, so it's just because it was my table, I have to buy a new one?	no

 Joey: That's the rule.	no

 Chandler: What rule? There's no rule, if anything, you owe me a table!	no

 Chandler: Well, I believe the piece of furniture was fine until your little breakfast adventure with Angela Delvecchio	no

 Joey: You knew about that?	no

 Joey: Ok, ok, How about if we split it?	no

 Chandler: What do you mean, like, buy it together?	no

 Joey: Yeah	no

 Joey: Why not?	no

 Chandler: Well, it's a pretty big commitment, I mean, what if one of us wants to move out?	no

 Joey: Why, are you moving out?	no

 Chandler: I'm not moving out.	no

 Joey: You'd tell me if you were moving out right	no

 Chandler: Yeah, yeah, it's just that with my last roommate Kip...	no

 Chandler: It's just that we bought a hibachi together, and then he ran off and got married, and things got pretty ugly.	no

 Joey: Well, let me ask you something, was Kip a better roommate than me?	no

 Chandler: Aw, don't do that	no

 Phoebe: Oh, Paolo, hi, what are you doing here?	no

 Phoebe: Well, Racquela's right, yeah! (Paolo speaks Italian)	no

 Rachel: (to Ross) I can't believe you don't want to know. I mean, I couldn't not know, I mean, if, if the doctor knows, and Carol knows, and Susan knows....	no

 Monica: And Monica knows...	no

 Monica: Carol called me to thank me for the lasagna, I asked, she told me.	no

 Ross: Hi Pheebs!	no

 Phoebe: Fine!	no

 Monica: Phoebe, what's the matter?	no

 Phoebe: Nothing, I'm sorry, I'm just, I'm out of sorts.	no

 Rachel: Oh, right, that's me!	no

 Joey: Hey, Chandler, that table place closes at 7, come on.	no

 Chandler: Fine. (Joey and Chandler walk towards the door)	no

 Monica: Phoebe, what is it?	no

 Phoebe: All right, you know Paolo?	no

 Ross: I'm familiar with his work, yes...	no

 Phoebe: Well, he made a move on me. (Joey and Chandler come back)	no

 Joey: Whoa, store will be open tomorrow!	no

 Chandler: More coffee over here, please! Commercial Break	no

 Monica: Well, what happened?	no

 Ross: My God.	no

 Monica: Was it...?	no

 Guys: Oooooo.... (Rachel runs over)	no

 Phoebe: Uma Thurman.	no

 Monica: Oh!	no

 Ross: Thanks Rach. (Rachel walks away)	no

 Chandler: So what are you gonna do?	no

 Chandler: Oh, yeah, you have to tell her.	no

 Phoebe: She is gonna hate me.	no

 Ross:(sympathetic yet...) Yeah, well...	no

 Joey: Will you pick one, just pick one! Here, how about that one? (points to a table)	no

 Chandler: That's patio furniture!	no

 Joey: So what, like people are gonna come in and think, &quot;Uh-oh, I'm outside again?&quot; Of course!	no

 Chandler: (gesturing towards another table) What about the birds?	no

 Chandler: You pick one.	no

 Joey: All right, how about the ladybugs?	no

 Joey: Fine, you want to get the birds, get the birds!	no

 Chandler: Not like that, I won't! (pauses) Kip would have liked the birds! (Joey turns and gives Chandler a dirty look)	no

 Phoebe: Hey!	no

 Rachel: Hi Pheebs!	no

 Phoebe: Are you moving out?	no

 Phoebe: Um, um, Rachel can we talk for a sec?	no

 Phoebe: Oh! (sits down) Ok, um, ok, um,	no

 Rachel: Oh, Pheebs, Pheebs...	no

 Rachel: All right, well, you're right, these are the best oatmeal cookies I've ever had.	no

 Phoebe: Which proves that I never lie.	no

 Rachel: I guess you don't.	no

 Chandler: So, what do you think?	no

 Phoebe: Are you okay?	no

 Rachel: I need some milk.	no

 Phoebe: Ok, I've got milk (takes thermos from her bag and starts to pour a cup) Here you go... (Rachel drinks straight from thermos) Oh!(Rachel finishes thermos) Better?	no

 Rachel: No...oh, I feel so stupid! Oh, I think about the other day with you guys and I was all &quot;Oh, Paolo, he's so great, he makes me feel so...&quot; Oh, God, I'm so embarrassed!	no

 Rachel: Pheebs, if I had never met him this never would have happened! Rachel and Phoebe: I'm so sorry! No I'm sorry! No I'm sorry! No I'm sorry!	no

 Phoebe: No, wait, oh, what are we sorry about?	no

 Rachel: I don't know...right, he's the pig!	no

 Phoebe: Such a pig!	no

 Phoebe: Oh he's like a...	no

 Phoebe: ...like a...	no

 Rachel: ...pig...pig man!	no

 Phoebe: Yes, good! Ok...	no

 Rachel: Ok, Ok, Pheebs...	no

 Phoebe: The end.	no

 Rachel: Oh, God...	no

 Phoebe: Should I not have told you?	no

 Ross: Come on, two on one.	no

 Chandler: What are you still doing here? She just broke up with the guy, it's time for you to swoop in!	no

 Ross: What, now?	no

 Joey: Yes, now is when you swoop! You gotta make sure that when Paolo walks out of there, the first guy Rachel sees is you, She's gotta know that you're everything he's not! You're like, like the anti-Paolo!	no

 Chandler: My Catholic friend is right. She's distraught. You're there for her. You pick up the pieces, and then you usher in the age of Ross! (Ross and Chandler look off into the distance. Joey, wondering what they are looking at, looks in the same direction)	no

 Phoebe: Ooh! (Paolo enters. Ross, Phoebe, and Monica scatter)	no

 Phoebe: Oh, ok bye-bye.	no

 Monica: Paolo, I really hate you for what you did to Rachel, (hands him a lasagna) but I still have five of these, so heat it at 375 until the cheese bubbles.	no

 Ross: Paolo, I-I just want to tell you and I think I speak for everyone when I say... (shuts door in his face and walks away)	no

 Ross: Oh you guys, I-I really think just one of us should go out there so she's not overwhelmed...	no

 Monica: Oh, you're right.	no

 Ross: Hey.	no

 Rachel: Hey.	no

 Ross: You all right?	no

 Rachel: Ooh, I've been better...	no

 Rachel: Oh, Ross...	no

 Ross: What?	no

 Ross: Huh.	no

 Rachel: Oh Ross, you're so great!	no

 Monica: Ooh...hey honey, are you all right?	no

 Rachel: Oh...	no

 Phoebe: You ok?	no

 Rachel: ...medium...hmm...any cookies left?	no

 Phoebe: Yep!	no

 Rachel: No. I just need to be by myself for a while, you know? I just got to figure out what I want	no

 Ross: Uh, no, no, see, because not...not all guys are going to be a Paolo.	no

 Ross: (astonished) What?	no

 Rachel: What?	no

 Ross: I-I'm, I'm having a boy?	no

 Rachel: Uh...no. No, no, in fact, you're not having a boy.	no

 Ross: I'm having a boy! Oh, I'm having a boy! (Joey and Chandler run in)	no

 Joey: Hey!	no

 Chandler: Hey! Joey and Chandler: We already knew that! (they hug)	no

 Ross: I'm having a son. Um... (Ross looks scared) Closing Credits	no

 Monica: Where are you guys going? Come on, one more game!	no

 Joey: Uh, it's 2:30 in the morning!	no

 Chandler: Yeah, get out!	no

 Chandler: (to Joey) One more game?	no

 Joey: Oh yeah! End	no

 Rachel: That is it! You just barge in here, you don't knock	no

 Chandler: I'm sorry!	no

 Chandler: Rachel, wait, wait.	no

 Rachel: No, you wait! This is ridiculous!	no

 Chandler: Can I just say one thing?	no

 Phoebe: Oh, honey, honey, tell them the story about your patient who thinks things are, like, other things. Y'know? Like, the phone rings and she takes a shower.	no

 Phoebe: Oops!	no

 Roger: But you tell it really well, sweetie.	no

 Phoebe: Thanks. Okay, now go away so we can talk about you.	no

 Roger: Okay. I'll miss you.	no

 Phoebe: Isn't he great?	no

 Rachel: He's so cute! And he seems to like you so much.	no

 Monica: So, you think you'll do it on his couch?	no

 Phoebe: Oh, I don't know, I don't know. I think that's a little weird, y'know? Vinyl.	no

 Rachel: Okaaay. (To the guys, on the couch) Any of you guys want anything else?	no

 Chandler: Oh, yes, could I have one of those. (Points)	no

 Rachel: No, I'm sorry, we're all out of those. Anybody else?	no

 Chandler: Okay.	no

 Roger: Did I, uh, did I miss something?	no

 Chandler: No, she's still upset because I saw her boobies.	no

 Ross: You what? Wh what were you doing seeing her boobies?	no

 Rachel: Okay, Pheebs, I was hoping for more of a change.	no

 Chandler: Y'know, I don't know why you're so embarrassed, they were very nice boobies.	no

 Chandler: Huh.	no

 Chandler: Uhhuh, how did you know that?	no

 Roger: It's textbook. (Joey enters with his dad)	no

 Joey: Hey you guys. Hey, you all know my dad, right?	no

 All: Hey! Hey, Mr. Trib!	no

 Phoebe: Oh, this is my friend Roger.	no

 Roger: Hi. Mr. Tribbiani: Hey, hey. Good to meet you, Roger.	no

 [Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Mr. Tribbiani is on the phone.] Mr. Tribbiani: Gotta go. I miss you too, I love you, but it's getting real late now	no

 Joey: Sure. So how long you been... (Goes back to chopping) Mr. Tribbiani: Remember when you were a little kid, I used to take you to the navy yard and show you the big ships?	no

 Rachel: I know, I mean, why can't parents just stay parents? (She walks over near Chandler and his gaze stays very obviously on her chest) Why do they have to become people? Why do they have... (Notices Chandler) Why can't you stop staring at my breasts?	no

 Rachel: Did you not get a good enough look the other day?	no

 Monica: Hello?	no

 Monica: C'mon up.	no

 Joey: What's the matter with Rog?	no

 Ross: Why? Why would I why? Why? Why? Why?	no

 Roger: I don't know. Maybe maybe low self-esteem, maybe maybe to compensate for overshadowing a sibling, maybe you...	no

 Monica: Wait-wait, go back to that sibling thing.	no

 Roger: Well, I don't know. I mean, it's conceivable that you wanted to sabotage your marriage so that the sibling would feel less of a failure in the eyes of the parents.	no

 Ross: That that's ridiculous! I don't feel guilty for her failures!	no

 Monica: Oh! So you think I'm a failure!	no

 Phoebe: Isn't he good?	no

 Ross: Nonono, thatthat's not what I was saying...	no

 Monica: Y'know, all these years, I thought you were on my side. But maybe what you were doing was sucking up to Mom and Dad so they'd keep liking you better!	no

 Roger: That's tough. Tough stuff. C'mon, Pheebs, we're gonna catch that movie, we gotta get going.	no

 Roger: Geez, we're gonna be late, sweetie...	no

 Phoebe: Oh, okay. Listen, thanks for everything, Mon.	no

 Joey: Hey. Can, uh, can we help you?	no

 Ronni: Oh, no thanks, I'm just waiting for, uh, Joey Tribbiani.	no

 Joey: I'm Joey Tribbiani.	no

 Chandler: Joey, if I go first, I wanna be looking for my keys.	no

 Joey: Dad, Ronni's here. Mr. Tribbiani: Huh?	no

 Ronni: Oh, where'm I gonna stay, here?	no

 Joey: No you won't.	no

 Ronni: No we won't.	no

 Ronni: Wow. He's strict.	no

 Joey: Now dad, you'll be in my room, Ronni uh, you can stay in Chandler's room.	no

 Ronni: Thanks. You're, uh, you're a good kid.	no

 Joey: Okay. Now this is just for tonight. Starting tomorrow, you gotta make a change. This has gone on long enough. Mr. Tribbiani: What kinda change?	no

 Joey: Well, either you break it off with Ronni Mr. Tribbiani: I can't do that!	no

 Joey: I don't wanna hear it! Now go to my room!	no

 Chandler: Hey, Kicky. What're you doing?	no

 Joey: I've been thinking. Y'know, about how I'm always seeing girls on top of girls...	no

 Joey: No.	no

 Joey: You really think so?	no

 Chandler: Yeah. I really do.	no

 Chandler: Get off!	no

 Ronni: Hi.	no

 Monica: Hi...May I help you?	no

 Monica: Okay...who are you?	no

 Ronni: Oh, I'm Ronni. Ronni Rappelano? The mistress?	no

 Monica: Oh, c'mon in.	no

 Ronni: Thanks.	no

 Rachel: Hi, I'm Rachel.	no

 Ronni: Hi.	no

 Rachel: Bathroom's up there.	no

 Ronni: Great.	no

 Rachel: Hey, listen, Ronni, how long would you say Chandler's been in the shower?	no

 Ronni: Oh, like, uh, five minutes?	no

 Joey: (Runs out in a towel) What's the matter with you?!	no

 Rachel: I thought it was Chandler!	no

 Rachel: You were supposed to be in there so I could see your thing!	no

 All: Hey, Pheebs.	no

 Phoebe: Hey.	no

 Phoebe: Good. Oh oh! Roger's having a dinner thing and he wanted me to invite you guys. (Chandler laughs)	no

 Phoebe: So what's going on?	no

 Monica: Nothing, um, it's just, um... It's Roger.	no

 Ross: I dunno, there's just something about...	no

 Chandler: Basically we just feel that he's...	no

 Rachel: We hate that guy.	no

 All: Yeah. Hate him.	no

 Ross: We're sorry, Pheebs, we're sorry.	no

 All: ...No, we hate him.	no

 Rachel: We're sorry.	no

 Joey: Yeah. You're ten times prettier than she is. Mrs. Tribbiani: That's sweet. Could I take her?	no

 Roger: What's wrong, sweetie?	no

 Phoebe: Nothing, nothing.	no

 Phoebe: It's, I mean, it's nothing, I'm fine. It's my friends. They-they have a liking problem with you. In that, um, they don't.	no

 Roger: Oh. They don't.	no

 Phoebe: But they don't see all the wonderfulness that I see. They don't see all the good stuff and all the sweet stuff. They just think you're a little...	no

 Roger: What?	no

 Roger: Oh.	no

 Phoebe: But I don't. Me, Phoebe.	no

 Roger: Well, I'm not I'm not at all surprised they feel that way.	no

 Monica: So you talked to your dad, huh.	no

 Chandler: Things sure have changed here on Waltons mountain.	no

 Ross: So Joey, you okay?	no

 Rachel: Just think, in a couple of years we get to turn into them.	no

 Phoebe: (entering) Hey.	no

 All: Hey, Pheebs.	no

 Phoebe: Yeah, right.	no

 All: Aaawwwwww!!	no

 Rachel: What happened?	no

 Phoebe: Hey, Joey. What's going on?	no

 Joey: Clear the tracks for the boobie payback express. Next stop: Rachel Green. (He goes into the bathroom. We hear a scream and he comes out, closely followed by Monica in a towel)	no

 Monica: Joey!! What the hell were you doing?!	no

 Chandler: Any contact?	no

 Joey: You're in!	no

 Ross: Aw, right.	no

 Woman: Hi, Ross.	no

 Chandler: I think it's winning.	no

 Ross: I think it's insane.	no

 Monica: You can not do this.	no

 Rachel: Do what, do what?	no

 Monica: Roger wants to take her out tomorrow night.	no

 Rachel: No! Phoebes! Don't you remember why you dumped the guy?	no

 Phoebe: 'Cause he was creepy, and mean, and a little frightening... alright, still, it's nice to have a date on Valentine's Day!	no

 Rachel: Well, what are you guys doing tomorrow night?	no

 Joey: Actually, tomorrow night kinda depends on how tonight goes.	no

 Chandler: Oh, uh, listen, about tonight...	no

 Chandler: Yes, I know, but her friend sounds like such a...	no

 Ross: Hi. She said yes.	no

 Joey: (Looking at himself in the reflection on a knife) How do I look?	no

 Lorraine: Hi, Joey. Well well, look what you brought. Very nice.	no

 Lorraine: She's checking the coats. Joey, I'm gonna go wash the cab smell off my hands. Will you get me a white Zinfandel, and a glass of red for Janice.	no

 Chandler: (angrily) Hey, it's Janice.	no

 Monica: Which one was Pete Carney?	no

 Monica: I don't know. Maybe we're some kinda magnets.	no

 Phoebe: I know I am. That's why I can't wear a digital watch.	no

 Monica: There's more beer, right?	no

 Rachel: Pheebes, this woman is voluntarily bald.	no

 Phoebe: Yeah. So, we can do it tomorrow night, you guys. It's Valentine's Day. It's perfect.	no

 Monica: Ok, well, what kind of ritual?	no

 Rachel: Or?	no

 Phoebe: Or...or we can chant and dance around naked, you know, with sticks.	no

 Monica: Burning's good.	no

 Chandler: That's OK.	no

 Joey: (to Lorraine) We can't do that.	no

 Chandler: (disgusted) What? What can't you do?	no

 Joey: Uh, can I talk to you for a second, over there? (Chandler and Joey leave the table.)	no

 Joey: Uh, we might be leaving now.	no

 Joey: She said she wants to slather my body with stuff and then lick it off. I'm not even sure what slathering is, but I definitely want to be a part of it.	no

 Chandler: Ok, you can not do this to me.	no

 Joey: You're right, I'm sorry. You're right.	no

 Joey: I'm outta here. Here's my credit card. Dinner's on me. I'm sorry, Chandler.	no

 Chandler: So...	no

 Janice: Oh, I miss you already. Can you believe this happened?	no

 Chandler: No... no! And yet it did. Good-bye, Janice.	no

 Monica: Oh, Chandler, sorry. (Janice turns around, Monica sees who it is.)	no

 Monica: Ohhh, Chandler, sorry! Hey, Janice.	no

 Janice: Hi, Monica.	no

 Monica: Rach, come see who's out here! (Rachel comes out.)	no

 Rachel: Oh my god. Janice, hi!	no

 Chandler: Janice is gonna go away now.	no

 Rachel: Oh, Joey, look who it is.	no

 Joey: (in disbelief) Whoa.	no

 Chandler: Oh, good, Joey's home now.	no

 Monica: Oh, hi, Ross. Yeah. There's someone I want you to say hi to. (to Chandler) He just happened to call.	no

 Janice: Hi, Ross. Yes, it's me. How did you know? (she laughs obnoxiously)	no

 Kristin: That's funny. Who are they?	no

 Kristin: You mean they're lovers.	no

 Ross: Oh, and she's pregnant with my baby. I always forget that part. (to Carol and Susan) Helloo!	no

 Phoebe: Ok, so now we need, um sage branches and the sacramental wine.	no

 Monica: All I have is, is oregano and a Fresca.	no

 Rachel: Ok, Pheebs, you know what, if we had that, we wouldn't be doing the ritual in the first place.	no

 Monica: Can we just start throwing things in?	no

 Phoebe: Ok, yeah, ok. (she throws the directions in) Oh, OK.	no

 Phoebe: Ok, and I have the, uh receipt for my dinner with Nokululu Oon Ah Ah.	no

 Monica: Look, here's a picture of Scotty Jared naked.	no

 Rachel: (looking at picture) Hey he's wearing a sweater.	no

 Rachel: And here we have the last of Paulo's grappa.	no

 Chandler: How can I dump this woman on Valentine's day?	no

 Joey: I don't know. You dumped her on New Year's.	no

 Chandler: Hi, Just Janice.	no

 Joey: (to Chandler) If you don't do it, I will.	no

 Ross: So, um, what do you do for a living?	no

 Carol: Oh no. I thought you said they could shoot the spot without you.	no

 Kristin: (reluctantly) I guess.	no

 Carol: Oh, no no no. I'm fine. I'm fine.	no

 Ross: Come on. These people'll scooch down. You guys'll scooch, won't you? Let's try scooching! Come on. Come on. Uh, Kristen Riggs, this is Carol Willick. Carol, Kristin. Uh, Carol teaches sixth grade. And, Kristin, Kristin...(struggling)...does something that, funnily enough, wasn't even her major!	no

 Janice: I brought you something.	no

 Chandler: Is it loaded? Oh, little candy hearts. (reading the candy) Chan and Jan Forever.	no

 Chandler: Ok, Janice. Janice. Hey, Janice. Look, there's no way for me to tell you this. At least there's no new way for me to tell you this. I just don't things are gonna work out.	no

 Chandler: Oh no, you see, actually it is.	no

 Chandler: Oh, no I don't.	no

 Chandler: I did, but...	no

 Carol: Uh, I don't think she's in the bathroom. Her coat is gone.	no

 Ross: Well maybe it's cold in there. Or maybe I screwed up the first date I had in 9 years.	no

 Carol: That could be it.	no

 Carol: Oh, I love you too. But...	no

 Ross: No but, no but.	no

 Carol: Not her. Closing Credits	no

 Rachel: Oh, my god.	no

 Monica: They're nice guys.	no

 Rachel: Oh, they're firemen guys.	no

 [Scene: Out in the hall, the firemen are talking.] Fireman No. 1: You guys tell them you were married? Fireman No. 2: No way! Fireman No. 3: Are you kidding? My girlfriend doesn't know, I'm not gonna tell them! End	no

 Rachel: (to Joey) Coffee. (Hands it to him.)	no

 Joey: Thank you.	no

 Ross: Grazie.	no

 Rachel: And a nice hot cider for Monica. (Hands it to her.)	no

 Monica: Aww, thank you. (Notices something.) Uh Rach?	no

 Rachel: Yeah?	no

 Woman: Chandler.	no

 Phoebe: Hey you guys! Chandler's coming and he says he has, like, this incredible news, so when he gets here, we could all act like, you know... (Chandler comes in.)	no

 Chandler: Hey!	no

 All: Hey!	no

 Phoebe: Never mind. But it was going to be really good.	no

 Ross: What's going on?	no

 All: What is it?	no

 Chandler: So.... I quit.	no

 All: Why?	no

 Monica: Yeah, Chandler... you've been there for five years.	no

 Chandler: If I took this promotion, it'd be like admitting that this is what I actually do.	no

 Phoebe: So was it a lot more money?	no

 Rachel: ... the WENUS?	no

 Joey: So what're you going to do?	no

 Chandler: I don't know. That's the thing. I don't know what I want to do. I just know I'm not going to figure it out working there.	no

 Monica: (taps Phoebe on her shoulder) Um... hi there.	no

 Phoebe: Hi! (turns back to Chandler, then to Monica) Oh, yeah, no, I know. You're a chef. I know, and I thought of you first, but um, Chandler's the one who needs a job right now, so....	no

 Phoebe: (to Monica's tapping) Yeah, yeah!	no

 Monica: Well, what kind of food is he looking for?	no

 Monica: (excited) Oh my God!	no

 Phoebe: Yeah, I know! (turns to Chandler) So, what do you think?	no

 Chandler: Thanks, Phoebe. But I just don't really see myself in a big white hat.	no

 Phoebe: OK. (pause) Oh Monica! Guess what!	no

 Chandler: Can you see my nipples through this shirt?	no

 Phoebe: Where are you going, Mr. Suity-Man?	no

 Rachel: Career counselor?	no

 Chandler: Hey, you guys all know what you want to do.	no

 Rachel: I don't!	no

 Chandler: Hey, you guys in the living room all know what you want to do. You know, you have goals. You have dreams. I don't have a dream.	no

 Monica: Oh, I love my life, I love my life!	no

 Phoebe: Ooh! Brian's Song!	no

 Monica: So great! He showed me where the restaurant's going to be. It's this, it's this cute little place on 10th Street. Not too big, not too small. Just right.	no

 Rachel: What are you going to make?	no

 Rachel: (pause) And Monica, what are you going to make?	no

 Monica: I don't know. I don't know. It's just going to be so great!	no

 Ross: Hey guys, does anybody know a good date place in the neighborhood?	no

 Rachel: So what are you guys going to do?	no

 Ross: Oh, I just thought we could go out to dinner, and then maybe bring her back to my place and I'd introduce her to my monkey.	no

 Joey: I'm telling you, that monkey is a chick magnet! She's going to take one look at his furry, cute little face and it'll seal the deal.	no

 Ross: Alright... (lifts Marcel away)	no

 Joey: It's creamier.	no

 Monica: Yeah, well, is that better?	no

 Rachel: My God! What happened to you?	no

 Chandler: Eight and a half hours of aptitude tests, intelligence tests, personality tests... and what do I learn? (he taps the results and reads them) &quot;You are ideally suited for a career in data processing for a large multinational corporation.&quot;	no

 Rachel: (comes up and rubs him on the chest) Oh Chandler, I know, I know... oh, hey! You can see your nipples through this shirt!	no

 Phoebe: Ten dollars an hour for what?	no

 Rachel: (hurt) Waitressing?	no

 Joey: Uh-oh.	no

 Monica: Well... of course I thought of you! But... but...	no

 Rachel: But, but?	no

 Celia: Talk to me.	no

 Celia: No no no. Talk... dirty.	no

 Celia: Yes...	no

 Ross: Ah....	no

 Celia: Say something..... hot.	no

 Celia: What?	no

 Joey: (in disbelief) Vulva?	no

 Joey: What's the big deal? You just say what you want to do to her. Or what you want her to do to you. Or what you think other people might be doing to each other. I'll tell you what. Just try something on me.	no

 Ross: OK. (closes eyes) I'm in my apartment...	no

 Joey: ....yeah... what else?	no

 Ross: That's it. I'm in my apartment, you're not there, we're not having this conversation. (gets up, walks across room)	no

 Ross: Joey, please.	no

 Joey: Alright, now you say something.	no

 Ross: I... ahem... I really don't think so.	no

 Joey: Come on! You like this woman, right?	no

 Ross: Yeah.	no

 Joey: You want to see her again, right?	no

 Joey: Well if you can't talk dirty to me, how're you going to talk dirty to her? Now tell me you want to caress my butt!	no

 Ross: OK, turn around. (Joey looks taken aback) I just don't want you staring at me when I'm doing this.	no

 Joey: (turning around) Alright, alright. I'm around. Go ahead.	no

 Joey: There you go! Keep going. Keep going!	no

 Ross: I want to take my tongue... and... (Chandler is completely astounded.)	no

 Ross: ....and....	no

 Joey: Say it... say it!	no

 Chandler: (smiling)....with??	no

 Ross: (rushing to explain) Funny story!	no

 Joey: You're not going to believe this!	no

 Joey: Hey Chandler, while you were sleeping that guy from your old job called again.	no

 Chandler: Again?	no

 Joey: And again, and again, and again... (phone rings, he answers) Hello? (hands phone to Chandler) And again.	no

 Chandler: Well?	no

 Phoebe: Oh! You have a window!	no

 Phoebe: (sitting) OK.	no

 Chandler: Thank you Helen, that'll be all. (She leaves, obviously perturbed.)	no

 Chandler: Last time I do that, I promise.	no

 Rachel: Who was that?	no

 Monica: Wendy bailed. I have no waitress.	no

 Rachel: Oh... that's too bad. Bye bye. (she walks away towards the door)	no

 Monica: Ten dollars an hour.	no

 Rachel: No.	no

 Monica: Twelve dollars an hour.	no

 Rachel: Mon. I wish I could, but I've made plans to walk around.	no

 Rachel: Done.	no

 Rachel: Well hello! Welcome to Monica's. May I take your coat?	no

 Steve: It's a lovely apartment.	no

 Rachel: What's up?	no

 Rachel: What?	no

 Rachel: OK, OK. I'm with you, Cheech. OK.	no

 Rachel: Let me, let me get you some wine!	no

 Steve: Well, smack my ass and call me Judy! These are fantastic!	no

 Rachel: Excuse me? Can I help you with anything?	no

 Joey: What a tool!	no

 Rachel: You don't want to work for a guy like that.	no

 Ross: Yeah!	no

 Monica: I know... it's just... I thought this was, you know... it.	no

 Ross: Look, you'll get there. You're an amazing chef.	no

 Ross: Oh, I was unbelievable.	no

 Joey: All right, Ross!	no

 Joey: You cuddled.	no

 Ross: Yeah, which was nice.	no

 Rachel: Maybe, but shouldn't we wait for Chandler?	no

 Joey: Yeah, where the hell is he?	no

 Phoebe: Sorry. How about over here? (presses down hard again)	no

 Steve: Aaaaah!	no

 Phoebe: See, that just means it's working. Does this hurt? (presses down elsewhere)	no

 Ursula: Hi. Okay, will that be all?	no

 Chandler: Wait, wait! Wh-what are you doing here?	no

 Ursula: Yeah, um, I was over there, then you said, &quot;Excuse me, hello Miss,&quot; so now I&
 Joey: No, no... how come you are working here?	no

 Ursula: Right, yeah, &
 Chandler: Can we start over?	no

 Rachel: No, yeah, I&
 Chandler: All right, now look at her and tell me she doesn&
 Joey: I&
 Chandler: They&
 Chandler: You know that thing, when you and I talk to each other about things?	no

 Joey: Yeah.	no

 All: Hey guys! Hey!	no

 Phoebe: Ooh, ooh, fun! Okay... um, Liam Neeson.	no

 Joey: Nope.	no

 Phoebe: Morly Safer.	no

 Joey: Nope.	no

 Phoebe: The woman who cuts my hair!	no

 Monica: Okay, look, this could be a really long game.	no

 Chandler: Your sister Ursula.	no

 Chandler: Yeah, yeah, she works over at that place, uh...	no

 Phoebe: Rift&
 Joey: Not from where I was standin&
 Phoebe: (Turning to Chandler) where were you standing?	no

 Phoebe: It&
 Ross: Oh, Pheebs, I&
 Chandler: Oh, and I&
 Rachel: So, is this just gonna be you and Carol?	no

 Monica: Ross, that&
 Teacher: Good for you. Alrighty, next?	no

 Teacher: I&
 Ross: Susan is Carol&
 Carol: Life partner.	no

 Ross: Like buddies.	no

 Susan: Like lovers.	no

 Ross: You know how close women can get. (The teacher smiles, but her eyebrows go up. Susan and Carol pat each other affectionately.)	no

 Carol: Susan and I live together.	no

 Ross: Although I was married to her.	no

 Susan: Carol, not me.	no

 Ross: Err, right.	no

 Ross: A little.	no

 Susan: But we&
 Nina: Hi.	no

 Chandler: Hi, Nina. Come on in.	no

 Nina: You wanted to see me?	no

 Chandler: Uh, Yes. Yes. I&
 Nina: Which is bad, because?	no

 Chandler: Well, it throws my WENUS out of whack.	no

 Nina: Your... excuse me?	no

 Chandler: WENUS. (Coughs) Weekly Estimated Net...	no

 Chandler: It&
 Monica: Great.	no

 Ross: Relax, I&
 Monica: Ah no, you see, someone was supposed to take them down around New Year&
 Chandler: Hey, where you been?	no

 Chandler: Score.	no

 Joey: She is so hot!	no

 Joey: Pheebs?	no

 Phoebe: (Jumping up) Yeah?	no

 Joey: You think it would be okay if I asked out your sister?	no

 Phoebe: Why? Why would you wanna... do that?&nbsp; Why?	no

 Joey: So that if we went out on a date, she&
 Ross: You okay?	no

 Phoebe: Yeah I&
 Ross: Sorry.	no

 Ross: Hi. Sorry I&
 Ross: No... No... No. I think I should stay, I think we should both know what&
 Susan: Oh, good. This&
 Teacher: Alrighty. We&
 Susan: I am supposed to be the mommy?	no

 Ross: Okay, I&
 Susan: Look, I don&
 Ross: I see. So what do you propose to do?	no

 Teacher: Good. Now imagine your vagina is opening like a flower. (Ross comes out of character to glare into the distance.)	no

 Chandler: Mr. D, how&
 Chandler: And? Mr. Douglas: It&
 Nina: Are you okay?	no

 Chandler: (Looking down at her hand) Yes, yes I am. Err, listen, the reason that I called you in here today was, err... please don&
 Nina: (Taking her hand away) What?	no

 Rachel: So Pheebs, what do you want for your birthday?	no

 Phoebe: Well, what I really want is for my mom to be alive and enjoy it with me.	no

 Phoebe: Ooh! Bath salts would be nice.	no

 Jamie: What is this place?	no

 Fran: What&
 Fran: Think she got fired at Riff&
 Jamie: No, no, no. We were there last night. She kept... (shuddering at the memory) ..bringing swordfish. (Indicating the ladies&
 Fran: I&
 Jamie: Um, excuse me.	no

 Phoebe: Yeah?	no

 Jamie: Hi, it&
 Phoebe: (Smiling blankly) Right, and it&
 Jamie: So, so you&
 Phoebe: Much as you are.	no

 Jamie: (Without moving her lips) Your turn.	no

 Fran: Err... we know what we want.	no

 Jamie: All we want is two Caffe Lattes.	no

 Fran: And some biscottie cookies.	no

 Jamie: Definitely her.	no

 Fran: Yeah. Commercial break	no

 Monica: I can&
 Chandler: Well, you still haven&
 Chandler: I&
 Monica: Oh. Hi, Mr.Heckles.	no

 Mr.Heckles: You&
 Monica: We&
 Joey: Phoebe, could you do me a favour? Could you try this on? I just wanna make sure it fits.	no

 Joey: Oh, no no no. It&
 Rachel: Are you seein&
 Joey: I don&
 Joey: Hey, Phoebe, I asked you, and you said it was okay.	no

 Phoebe: Alright, well, maybe now it&
 Joey: Okay... Well maybe now I&
 Chandler: And that&
 Carol: This is impossible. It&
 Susan: What is, honey?	no

 Susan: I know it&
 Rachel: This is just occurring to you?	no

 Phoebe: Where&
 Joey: Out.	no

 Phoebe: With?	no

 Phoebe: Alright, could I just ask you one question? (Joey nods his head.)	no

 Phoebe: Have you two, you know... like... you know... you know... yet?	no

 Nina: Do you have a sec?	no

 Chandler: Ah, sure, Nina. What&
 Chandler: Oh, well, ah... maybe that&
 Nina: I am?	no

 Chandler: Sure, why not?	no

 Nina: What?	no

 Chandler: Helen drinks. (Insincerely) Will you marry me? (Nina puts her hands on her hips, then gives Chandler a quizzical look.)	no

 Chandler: Well, I ended up telling her everything.	no

 Rachel: Oh, how&
 Phoebe: Alright, so, can we turn this off? Can we just make it... make them go away? Because I can&
 Phoebe: Okay.	no

 Monica: Are you alright?	no

 Phoebe: Yeah. It&
 Rachel: Okay, Pheebs, can I ask? So, he&
 Rachel: Oh... Oh, Pheebs.	no

 Phoebe: I mean, I know Joey is not my boyfriend, or my thermos, or anything, but...	no

 Monica: Hon, you gotta talk to Joey.	no

 Phoebe: Yeah. Okay.	no

 Ross: No, come on, he doesn&
 Ursula: Yeah, um, may we help you? Closing Credits	no

 Monica: Rachel, what are you doing? It&
 Rachel: Ow ow ow. Ow ow ow ow. Ow ow ow. Ow. Ow. Ow. Ow. (They reach the desk. The bored nurse thinks she's heard it all before.)	no

 Rachel: You.	no

 Monica: Really?	no

 Rachel: Yeah.	no

 Rachel: Oh, yeah, check it. Definitely, I want some of that.	no

 Rachel: Why, how much is this gonna cost?	no

 Rachel: Wel-wel-well what are we gonna do?	no

 Monica: Well there's not much we can do.	no

 Rachel: (Like a big baby) Um... unless, unless I use yours.	no

 Rachel: (Tapping the clipboard) well, now, wait a second, who did I just put as my &quot;In case of emergency&quot; person?	no

 Monica: (Looking around to check that no-one's listening, then lowering her voice anyway) That's insurance fraud.	no

 Rachel: Well, alright, then, forget it. (Getting up to go) Might as well just go home. Ow ow ow ow!	no

 Rachel: Thank you. Thank you. I love you.	no

 Monica: (Tiny laugh) yep, that's me, (tiny laugh) I am that stupid (tiny laugh).	no

 Chandler: What are you crazy? That's a baby!	no

 Joey: He should take the sack?	no

 Joey: Yeah, Ross. You and the baby just need better blocking. (Feeling a little better, Ross fetches more coffee.)	no

 Joey: Oh, have either one of you guys ever been to the Rainbow Room? Is it real expensive?	no

 Joey: I'm takin' Ursula tonight. It's her birthday.	no

 Ross: Wo-wo-whoa. What about Phoebe's birthday?	no

 Joey: When's that?	no

 Ross: Tonight.	no

 Joey: What can I do? Look, I don't want to do anything to screw it up with Ursula.	no

 Chandler: And your friend Phoebe?	no

 Joey: Well, if she's my friend, hopefully she'll understand. I mean, wouldn't you guys?	no

 Monica: Yes? (jumping as Rachel punches her arm) ..yes, she is. Rachel (as Monica): Hi, this is my friend Rachel. Monica (as Rachel): Hi. Dr. Mitchell: (Smiling) Hi, err Rachel. I'm Dr.Mitchell. Dr. Rosen: (Smiling even more and attempting to take over) And I'm his friend, Dr.Rosen. (Monica and Rachel smile back prettily.)	no

 Rachel: Aren't you a little cute to be a doctor? Dr. Rosen: Excuse me?	no

 Rachel: ..so, he said it was just a sprain, and that was it.	no

 Monica: Uh, you left out the stupid part.	no

 Rachel: Not stupid. The very cute, cute, cute doctors asked us out for tomorrow night, and I said &quot;yes.&quot;	no

 Ross: What the hell are you doing? You scared the crap outta me.	no

 Ross: Yeah, yeah. I got a lemon schmush.	no

 Monica: Oh...	no

 Chandler: (Reading) &quot;Happy Birthday Peehe.&quot;	no

 Phoebe: Hey, what's going on?	no

 Ross: Dad, before I was born, did you freak out at all? Mr. Geller: I'm not freaking out, I'm just saying, if somebody had come to me with the idea andndash;	no

 Ross: No, no, Dad, I was just wondering. Mr. Geller: 'Cause there's time to make up for that. We can do stuff together. You always wanted to go to that Colonial Williamsburg. How 'bout we do that?	no

 Ross: No, we can go to Williamsburg. Mr. Geller: Eat your fish.	no

 Monica: Rachel, the cute doctors are here.	no

 Rachel: (entering from her room) Okay, coming! (Monica opens the door for Dr. Mitchell and Dr. Geoffrey.)	no

 Monica: Hi, come on in. Dr. Mitchell: Hey.	no

 Monica: Hi, Geoffrey.	no

 Rachel: Hi. Dr. Rosen: Ah here, we brought wine. Dr. Mitchell: Look at this, it's from the cellars of Ernest and Tova Borgnine, so how could we resist?	no

 Rachel: Okay, listen, I'm thinking, why don't we just tell them who we really are? I mean, it'll be fine, I really think it'll be fine.	no

 Monica: It will not be fine. We'll get in trouble.	no

 Rachel: Oh, Monica! Would you stop being such a wuss?	no

 Monica: I said we are not going to do it, okay? Sometimes you can be such a, a big baby.	no

 Rachel: (Resenting the truth) I am not a baby! You know what? I swear to god, just because you get so uptight every time we...	no

 Rachel: You know what?	no

 Monica: What?	no

 Monica: What!?	no

 Rachel: You know what?	no

 Rachel: Hello! Here we go! Dr. Rosen: This is a great place. How long have you lived here?	no

 Rachel: (as Monica) Thanks! I've been here about six years, and Rachel moved in a few months ago.	no

 Monica: (as Rachel) Yeah... Yeah, I know it's pretty selfish, but haha, hey, that's me. (Indicating a dish on the table) Why don't you try the hummus? Dr. Rosen: So, Monica, what do you do?	no

 Rachel: (as Monica) Yeah it is, mostly because I get to boss people around, which I just love to do. Dr. Rosen: This hummus is great. Dr. Mitchell: God bless the chickpea.	no

 Monica: (as Rachel) I used to wet my bed.	no

 Monica: (as Rachel) Hi, Dad. No, no, it's me. (Getting up to move further away from Rachel) li-listen, Dad, I can't talk right now, um, but there's something, um... there's something that I've been meaning to tell you... (Monica glares triumphantly across the room, scaring Rachel who also stands up.)	no

 Rachel: Would you excuse me for a second?	no

 Monica: (taking the phone) Hello, this is Monica... Yeah??? Oh... (Smiles at Rachel to reassure her) Okay, yes, we'll be right, we'll be right down.(Listens) Thank you. (Hangs up)	no

 Rachel: What?	no

 Monica: We forgot to sign one of the admissions forms.	no

 Rachel: Okay, let me just change.	no

 Monica: Yes. (Rachel goes to her room.)	no

 Joey: (entering quietly) Hey. Ross and Chandler: Hey!	no

 Monica: Hi.	no

 Phoebe: Trouble?	no

 Joey: Your sister stood me up the other night.	no

 Phoebe: Oh, no. Don't you hate it when people aren't there for you?	no

 Ross: Well did you try calling her?	no

 Ursula: Oh!	no

 Phoebe: I can't believe you... (holding up Joey's cardigan) ..did this. (Phoebe's smile hardens as she packs the cardigan away.)	no

 Phoebe: So... What's the deal with umm, you and Joey?	no

 Ursula: Who?	no

 Ursula: He is? Why?	no

 Ursula: What? (Indicating the departing waiter) Do you think he likes me?	no

 Ursula: You have not changed! (Ursula's eyes dance as she laughs and smiles, simply glad to be back with her sister.)	no

 Rachel: (as Monica) Hi, remember us?	no

 Monica: (as Rachel) Um, okay. You just called a little while ago about needing a signature on the admissions form. Well, it turns out we need a whole new one (little laugh) because uh, you see, I-I, I put the wrong name again. (Little laugh) 'cause um...	no

 Monica: (as Rachel) I am. I'm that stupid. (Little laugh.)	no

 Rachel: (as Monica) Yeah, and and, I'm just gonna pay for this with a check.	no

 Chandler: Okay, worst case scenario. Say you never feel like a father.	no

 Ross: Uh-huh.	no

 Ross: Do you have a point?	no

 Chandler: What's up with the simian?	no

 Ross: Yours, I just got 43 points for 'KIDNEY'.	no

 Ross: I had a 'K'. Where's where's my 'K'? (The unvoiced hissing continues. In alarm, Ross and Chandler look at the monkey, who is now in some distress.)	no

 Chandler: Marcel swallowed a Scrabble tile.	no

 Monica: Michael. Dr. Mitchell: Rachel.	no

 Rachel: What?	no

 Monica: (as Rachel) Monica.	no

 Rachel: (as Monica) Oh.	no

 Monica: (as Rachel) Hi.	no

 Phoebe: (as Ursula) Hey.	no

 Joey: Urse... (Phoebe nods as he stands up in delight.)	no

 Joey: ..ah, what're you doing here? I've been trying to call you.	no

 Phoebe: (as Ursula) Listen, um...	no

 Joey: No, no, no, don't say &quot;listen.&quot; I know that &quot;listen.&quot; I've said that &quot;listen.&quot;	no

 Phoebe: (as Ursula) I'm sorry.	no

 Joey: You don't drink.	no

 Joey: Oh, Urse... (He tries to take her in his arms, but she fends him off.)	no

 Phoebe: (as Ursula) Okay, yeah, so it's not gonna work.	no

 Joey: Why? Is it because I'm friends with Phoebe?	no

 Phoebe: (as Ursula) If it was, would you stop hanging out with her?	no

 Joey: (Thinking carefully) no. No, I, I couldn't do that.	no

 Phoebe: (as Ursula) Um, then yes, it's 'cause of Phoebe! So, you know, it's either her or me.	no

 Joey: I know... (He looks up at her face and Phoebe, slipping out of character, smiles back at him. Joey's voice becomes soft and warm.)	no

 Joey: I don't know whether it's just 'cause we're breakin' up or... what, but you have never looked so beautiful.	no

 Joey: Pheebs?	no

 Joey: We just got the message.	no

 Phoebe: Is he alright?	no

 Ross: Yeah. The doctor got the 'K' out. He also found an 'M' and an 'O'.	no

 Chandler: We think he was trying to spell out 'MONKEY.' (Ross does not approve of Chandler's daft theory.)	no

 Ross: Well, the doctor says he's gonna be fine, he's just sleeping now.	no

 Chandler: (Tapping Ross on his shoulder) So, you feel like a dad yet?	no

 Ross: No, why?	no

 Ross: Aqui est. (Here it is!)	no

 All: Hola, Joey! (Hi, Joey!)	no

 Ross: Uh, Rach, we're running low on resumes over here.	no

 Monica: Do you really want a job with Popular Mechanics?	no

 Chandler: Well, if you're gonna work for mechanics, those are the ones to work for.	no

 Ross: Rach, did you proofread these?	no

 Rachel: Uh... yeah, why?	no

 Monica: Hey, guys. Chandler and Ross: Hey.	no

 Rachel: Hey... hi, ladies... uh, can I get you anything? (to Monica, quietly): Did you bring the mail?	no

 Monica: Lots of responses.	no

 Monica: (reading): OK... Dear Ms. Green... yeah... yeah... yeah... No. (crumpes up letter)	no

 Phoebe: Wow!	no

 Rachel: What?	no

 Ross: I don't know.	no

 Chandler: Is this still about her whole 'The Flintstones could've really happened' thing?	no

 Chandler: ...little playthings with yarn?	no

 Ross: What?	no

 Chandler: Could you want her more?	no

 Ross: Look, I am totally, totally over her, OK, I just... (Rachel comes over, Ross lays head on table): Hiiii!	no

 Rachel: Hi! How are you?	no

 Ross: We're fine, we're fine.	no

 Chandler: We're not&
 Phoebe: What?	no

 Ross: Uhhhh... Joey cried last night.	no

 Ross: Oh, guys, you should've seen him. 'Read 'em and weep.'	no

 Rachel: Well, now, how come you guys have never played poker with us?	no

 Phoebe: Yeah, what is that? Like, some kind of guy thing? Like, some kind of sexist guy thing? Like it's poker, so only guys can play?	no

 Ross: No, women are welcome to play.	no

 Phoebe: Oh, OK, so then what is it? Some kind of... you know, like, like... some kind of, y'know, like... alright, what is it?	no

 Chandler: There just don't happen to be any women in our games.	no

 Joey: Yeah, we just don't happen to know any women that know how to play poker.	no

 Girls: Oh, yeah, right.	no

 Rachel: Really.	no

 Ross: Excuse me, do any of you know how to play?	no

 Girls: No.	no

 Rachel: But you could teach us.	no

 Guys: No.	no

 Chandler: (teaching) OK, so now we draw cards.	no

 Monica: So I wouldn't need any, right? Cause I have a straight.	no

 Rachel: Oh, good for you!	no

 Phoebe: OK, I just need two... the, um, ten of spades and the six of clubs.	no

 Rachel: Oh wait, I have the ten of spades! Here! (gives it to Phoebe)	no

 Ross: No, no. Uh... no, see, uh, you-you can't do that.	no

 Rachel: Oh, no-no-no-no-no-no, that's OK, I don't need them. I'm going for fours.	no

 Monica: Alright, here we go. We've got salmon roulettes and assorted crudites. Phoebe and Rachel: OOooooo!	no

 Monica: Alright, you know, we got it, we got it. Let's play for real. High stakes... big bucks...	no

 Phoebe: But... I'm ready, so, just deal.	no

 Joey: About what?	no

 Phoebe: About how good your cards were.	no

 Joey: Heh... I was bluffing.	no

 Rachel: OK, sorry to break up this party, but I've got resumes to fax before work tomorrow... (gets up to leave)	no

 Guys: Whoa, whoa, whoa!	no

 Chandler: Rach, Rach, we gotta settle.	no

 Rachel: Settle what?	no

 Ross: The game, Rachel, the game. You owe us money for the game.	no

 Joey: You know what, you guys? It's their first time, why don't we just forget about the money, alright?	no

 Monica: Hell no, we'll pay!	no

 Phoebe: OK, Monica? I had another answer all ready.	no

 Monica: And you know what? We want a rematch.	no

 Ross: Well that's fine with me. Could use the money.	no

 Rachel: (to Ross): So basically, you get your ya-yas by taking money from all of your friends.	no

 Ross: (pause)...Yeah.	no

 Chandler: Yes, and I get my ya-yas from Ikea. You have to put them together yourself, but they cost a little less.	no

 Joey: (pause)...Yeah?	no

 Ross: I'm not a nice guy.	no

 Ross: Alright boys, let's eat.	no

 Ross: You still on that?	no

 Chandler: Oh, come on. What was with that whole Black Bart speech? (mimicking): &quot;When I play poker, I'm not a nice guy!&quot;	no

 Ross: You are way off, pal.	no

 Joey: No, I don't think so, see Ross, because I think you love her.	no

 Monica: Yeah, I know. He can get really competitive.	no

 Phoebe: Ha. Ha, ha.	no

 Monica: What?	no

 Monica: Please! I am not as bad as Ross.	no

 Rachel: Oooooh. (reads letter) (surprised): Oh! I got an interview! I got an interview!	no

 Monica: You're kidding! Where? Where?	no

 Rachel: (in disbelief): Sak's... Fifth... Avenue.	no

 Monica: Oh, Rachel!	no

 Monica: Well, what's the job?	no

 Rachel: Assistant buyer. Oh! I would be shopping... for a living! (Knock on door.)	no

 Rachel: No.	no

 Monica: I don't think so.	no

 Monica: What?	no

 Phoebe: Thank y... (thinks about it) Aunt Iris: Girls, sit down.	no

 Monica: Uh, Aunt Iris? This is Phoebe, and that's Rachel... Aunt Iris: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, listen, I am parked at a meter. Let's do it.	no

 Phoebe: Ross, could we please, please, please listen to anything else?	no

 Ross: I'm gonna pay for that tonight. (Knock on door. Ross opens it. Rachel enters.)	no

 Rachel: Hi!	no

 Ross: Hey.	no

 Rachel: Guys! Guess what, guess what, guess what, guess what!	no

 All: That's great! That's wonderful!	no

 Monica: OK, great. You'll tell us and we'll laugh. Let's play poker.	no

 Joey: Alright now listen, you guys, we talked about it, and if you don't want to play, we completely understand.	no

 Ross: Uh, Rach, do you want me to shuffle those?	no

 Rachel: No, no, thats OK. Y'know, I think I'm gonna give it a go.	no

 Ross: Alright.	no

 Rachel: Alright... (shuffles cards expertly, all the guys stare in amazement) Commercial Break	no

 Joey: What?	no

 Phoebe: Oh, I cursed it. So now bad things will happen to he who spends it.	no

 Rachel: Hmm. Kinda stepped on my point there, Mon.	no

 Monica: Excuse me, where are you going?	no

 Ross: Uh... to the bathroom.	no

 Monica: Do you want to go to the bathroom, or do you wanna play poker?	no

 Ross: I want to go to the bathroom. (exits)	no

 Joey: Alright, well, I'm gonna order a pizza. (gets up)	no

 Joey: That's fine. I'll just have a Tic-Tac to hold me over.	no

 Phoebe: (looks at her cards) Yes! (everyone looks at her) .... or no. (Ross comes back from bathroom.)	no

 Ross: Alright. (to Rachel): Your money's mine, Green.	no

 Phoebe: You guys, you know what I just realized? 'Joker' is 'poker' with a 'J.' Coincidence?	no

 Chandler: Hey, that's... that's 'joincidence' with a 'C'!	no

 Joey: Uh... Phoebe? Phoebe?	no

 Phoebe: Yeah. Um... I'm out. (throws in cards)	no

 Rachel: I'm in.	no

 Monica: Me too.	no

 Rachel: And your fly's still open... (Ross looks down.)	no

 Phoebe: OK Joey, your bet.	no

 Phoebe: Ross?	no

 Phoebe: Chandler?	no

 Chandler: Couldn't be more out. (throws in cards)	no

 Phoebe: Me too. Rachel.	no

 Rachel: I'm not telling. (collects chips)	no

 Rachel: No..!	no

 Ross: Show them to me!	no

 Rachel: Get your hands out of there! No!	no

 Ross: First of all, I'm not losing...	no

 Rachel: Oh, you are losing. Definitely losing. (phone rings)	no

 Ross: Let's not talk about losing. Just deal the...	no

 Monica: Sorry, Rach.	no

 Phoebe: Y'know, there's gonna be lots of other stuff.	no

 Joey: Look, Rachel, we don't have to do this.	no

 Rachel: Yes, we do. (pause)	no

 Monica: Alright, check.	no

 Phoebe: I'm in.	no

 Rachel: (to Ross): Loser? (Chandler, Monica, Joey, and Phoebe back their chairs away from the table.)	no

 Ross: No, I fold. (lays cards down, and gets up)	no

 Rachel: What do you mean, you fold? Hey, come on! What is this? I thought that 'once the cards were dealt, I'm not a nice guy.' I mean, what, were you just full of it? (Ross thinks it over, finally sits down and picks up his cards.)	no

 Rachel: How many you want?	no

 Ross: I bet two dollars. (throws it in)	no

 Rachel: See your twenty-five...and...uh, Monica, get my purse. (Monica gets up, looks in Rachel's purse.)	no

 Monica: Rachel, there's nothing in it.	no

 Rachel: OK, then get me your purse. (Monica gets Rachel her purse.)	no

 Monica: OK, here you go. Good luck.	no

 Ross: (to Joey): Joey, I'm a little shy.	no

 Joey: That's OK, Ross, you can ask me. What? (Ross looks at Joey, dumbfounded at his stupidity.)	no

 Chandler: (to Ross): What do you need, what do you need?	no

 Ross: Fifteen.	no

 Chandler: Alright, here's ten. (gives it to him)	no

 Joey: Here, I got five, I got five. (Ross takes the money)	no

 Ross: (to Rachel): OK, I am calling your seventeen. What do you got? (Long pause as they both look at each other.)	no

 Rachel: (lays down cards) Full house. (Ross stares at her. Thinks about it. Puts cards on table, face down.)	no

 Joey: (to Ross): Ahhh, that's alright. Y'know, that's a tough hand to beat.	no

 Monica: (pointing at the drawing, upset) Bye... bye... BIRDIE.	no

 Joey: Oh!	no

 Phoebe: That's a bird? (Monica glares at Phoebe.)	no

 Phoebe: That's a bird! (Monica sits, Rachel gets up.)	no

 Joey: (triumphantly) The Unbearable Likeness of Being!	no

 Rachel: Yes!	no

 Monica: Mail call, Rachel Green, bunk seven.	no

 Rachel: Thank you. (Examines it) Oh, cool! Free sample of coffee!	no

 Monica: Oh good! 'Cause where else would we get any?	no

 Rachel: Oh. Right. ...Oh great.	no

 Monica: What is it?	no

 Monica: Barry who you almost...?	no

 Rachel: Barry who I almost.	no

 Monica: And Mindy, your maid of...?	no

 Rachel: Mindy, my maid of. Oh!	no

 Monica: (Takes it) That's Mindy? Wow, she is pretty. (Sees Rachel's look) Lucky. To have had a friend like you.	no

 Chandler: I can't believe we are even having this discussion.	no

 Ross: I'm telling you, she said she's looking for a relationship with someone exactly like me.	no

 Joey: She really said that?	no

 Ross: Well, I added the 'exactly like me' part... But she said she's looking for someone, and someone is gonna be there tonight.	no

 Joey: 'Tonight' tonight?	no

 Joey: How could you lose him?	no

 Rachel: I don't know. We were watching TV, and then he pooped in Monica's shoe-	no

 Monica: Wait. He pooped in my shoe? Which one?	no

 Rachel: I don't know. The left one.	no

 Monica: Which ones?	no

 Phoebe: (Entering) Hey.	no

 All: Hi.	no

 Chandler: Rachel lost Marcel.	no

 Phoebe: Oh no, how?	no

 Monica: He- he pooped in my shoe.	no

 Phoebe: Which one?	no

 Monica: Those cute little black ones I wear all the time.	no

 Phoebe: No, which one? The right or left? 'Cause the left one is lucky...	no

 Rachel: C'mon, you guys, what're we gonna do, what're we gonna do?	no

 Rachel: Oh, my, God, c'mon, you guys! He's gonna be home any minute! He's gonna kill me!	no

 Monica: Okay, we'll start with the building. You guys take the first and second floor, Phoebe and I'll take third and fourth.	no

 Rachel: Well, what'm I gonna do? What'm I gonna do?	no

 Rachel: Great! It went great. Really great. Hey, is that wine?	no

 Ross: Yeah. You, uh, you want some?	no

 Rachel: Oh, I would love some. But y'know what? Y'know what? Let's not drink it here. I'm feeling kinda crazy. You wanna go to Newark?	no

 Rachel: Oh God, Ross, I cannot do this.	no

 Rachel: Oh God... Okay. Alright. Alright. Okay. Ross, please don't hate me.	no

 Ross: Oh, what? What-what?	no

 Rachel: Y'know Marcel?	no

 Ross: ...Yeah?	no

 Ross: (Angry) I- I- I ca- I can't believe this. I mean, all I asked you to do was keep him in the apartment.	no

 Rachel: I know, I know, I'm sorry-	no

 Rachel: See? I've even called Animal Control!	no

 Ross: You called Animal Control?	no

 Rachel: Uh-huh... why... do you not like them?	no

 Rachel: O-okay, now see, you never ever ever told us that...	no

 Rachel: Hi, thanks for coming.	no

 Luisa: (Animal Control) Somebody called about a monkey?	no

 Ross: Yeah, we thought we had a monkey, but we-we didn't.	no

 Rachel: Turned out it was a hat.	no

 Ross: Cat!	no

 Rachel: Cat! What'm I saying? Cat! (Luisa nods, but then Monica and Phoebe run in)	no

 Luisa: Marcel?	no

 Phoebe: Yes, but there isn't always time!	no

 Luisa: Oh my God, you are! And you're Rachel Green!	no

 Rachel: Yeah!	no

 Rachel: Luisa? Oh my God! Monica! It's Luisa!	no

 Monica: The Luisa from home room!	no

 Luisa: You have no idea who I am, do you.	no

 Monica: No, none at all.	no

 Rachel: None.	no

 Luisa: Well, maybe that's because you spent four years ignoring me. I mean, would it have been so hard to say 'Morning, Luisa'? Or 'Nice overalls'?	no

 Monica: Oh, I'm- I'm so sorry!	no

 Luisa: Ah, it's not so much you, you were fat, you had your own problems. (To Rachel) But you? What a bitch!	no

 Rachel: What?!	no

 Luisa: I could... but I won't. If I find that monkey, he's mine. (Leaves)	no

 Joey: Marcel?	no

 Chandler: Marcel?	no

 Chandler: Um, we're kind of having an emergency and we-we were looking for something...	no

 Joey: A monkey.	no

 Joey: Um, sure! Did you, uh, did you try turning the knob back the other way? Woman No. 1: Of course.	no

 Joey: Uh, aren't we kind of in the middle of something here?	no

 Chandler: Yes, but these women are very hot, and they need our help! And they're very hot.	no

 Joey: Marcel?	no

 Chandler: Marcel?! [Cut to Monica and Phoebe searching the basement.]	no

 Phoebe: Marcel?	no

 Monica: Marcel?	no

 Phoebe: Marcel?	no

 Monica: Whaaat!	no

 Monica: What is it?	no

 Monica: Look, Phoebe!	no

 Monica: What're you gonna do?	no

 Monica: Run, Marcel, run! Run, Marcel! (Marcel runs off and Luisa runs after him. Monica goes to check up on Phoebe) Are you okay?	no

 Rachel: Marcel?	no

 Ross: Marc- oh, this is ridiculous! We've been all over the neighbourhood. He's gone, he's-he's just gone.	no

 Rachel: Ross, you don't know that.	no

 Rachel: Ross.	no

 Ross: I don't even wanna hear it, you're just...	no

 Rachel: Ross.	no

 Ross: Oh, forget it, okay?	no

 Ross: What? What? (A man carrying a box of bananas walks past them. They stare for a minute and then hobble after him)	no

 Ross: Alright, I want my monkey.	no

 Luisa: No!	no

 Rachel: Oh, c'mon, Luisa!	no

 Luisa: Nope.	no

 Ross: It'll be nice to get this off finally, won't it? Yes it will. (Marcel resists) Or we can leave it on for now, that's fine.	no

 Ross: Listen, I'm- I'm sorry I was so hard on you before, it's just I...	no

 Rachel: Oh, Ross, c'mon. It's my fault, I almost lost your...	no

 Rachel: That'd be good.	no

 Barry: Rachel.	no

 Rachel: Barry?!	no

 Barry: I can't. I can't do it, I can't marry Mindy. I think I'm still in love with you. Ross and Rachel: Oh!	no

 Monica: This is me in The Sound of Music. See the von Trapp kids?	no

 Phoebe: Nope.	no

 Monica: That's because I'm in front of them.	no

 Monica: Well, high school was not my favourite time.	no

 Ross: I don't know, you don't wanna mess with corn nuts. They're craaazy.	no

 Ross: I can't believe it! He's looking right at us!	no

 Monica: So have you called her yet?	no

 Phoebe: Oh, God, just do it! (Grabbing the phone.) Call her! Stop being so testosteroney!	no

 Joey: Her answer machine?	no

 Phoebe: So, uh, why didn't you say anything?	no

 Chandler: Oh, no-no-no-no. Last time I left a spontaneous message I ended up using the phrase &quot;Yes indeedy-o.&quot;	no

 Monica: Look look! It's Rachel and Barry. No, don't everybody look at once!	no

 Ross: Okay, okay, what's going on?	no

 Phoebe: Okay, they're just talking...	no

 Ross: Yeah, well, does he look upset? Does he look like he was just told to shove anything?	no

 Phoebe: No, no actually, he's smiling.. and... Oh my God, don't do that!!	no

 Ross: What? What? What?!	no

 All: Oh!... Right!	no

 Chandler: Hey Rach!	no

 Rachel: Then we took a walk down to Bendall's, and I told him not to, but he got me a little bottle of Chanel...	no

 Rachel: Right,.. well,.. we never actually got to that... Oh, it was just so nice to see him again, y'know? It was comfortable, it was familiar... it was just nice!	no

 Ross: That's, that's nice twice!	no

 Monica: Rachel, what's going on? I mean isn't this the same Barry who you left at the altar?	no

 Chandler: Yes!	no

 Rachel: Why?	no

 Chandler: I have my reasons.	no

 Monica: Okay, how about the fact that he's engaged to another woman, who just happens to be your ex-best friend?	no

 Rachel: Wow... Wow!	no

 Barry: Yeah.	no

 Rachel: I'm not crazy, right? I mean, it was never like that.	no

 Monica: That's what you've been working on for the past two hours?!	no

 Ross: What was with the dishes?	no

 Chandler: Oh, uh.. I want her to think I might be in a restaurant.. y'know? I might have some kind of life, like I haven't been sitting around here honing for the past few hours.	no

 Monica: (looking out the window) Look look! He's doing it again, the guy with the telescope!	no

 Phoebe: Oh my God! (Walks to the window) Go away! (Gesturing.) Stop looking in here!	no

 Monica: Great, now he's waving back.	no

 Monica: What kinda stuff?	no

 Phoebe: You cook naked?	no

 Joey: Yeah, toast, oatmeal... nothing that spatters. (A pause as they look at Chandler.)	no

 Chandler: What are you looking at me for? I didn't know that.	no

 Barry: What's the matter?	no

 Rachel: Oh, it's just... Oh, Barry, this was not good.	no

 Barry: No, it was. It was very very good.	no

 Rachel: Well, what about Mindy?	no

 Barry: Oh, way, way better than Mindy.	no

 Rachel: No, not that, I mean, what about you and Mindy?	no

 Barry: Well, if you want, I'll just&
 Rachel: No. No-no-no-no, no. I mean, don't do that. Not, I mean not for me.	no

 Rachel: Oh, Barry..! Come on, this is all way too..	no

 Bobby: Hey, Dr. Farber. (Rachel and Barry quickly split and pretend Barry is examining Rachel's mouth.)	no

 Rachel: What?!	no

 Chandler: Yes, it's working! Why isn't she calling me back?	no

 Joey: Maybe she never got your message.	no

 Phoebe: Y'know, if you want, you can call her machine, and if she has a lot of beeps, that means she probably didn't get her messages yet.	no

 Chandler: Y'don't think that makes me seem a little...	no

 Ross: ...desperate, needy, pathetic?	no

 Phoebe: How many beeps?	no

 Chandler: She answered.	no

 All: Hey! Hi!	no

 Rachel: Pretty well, actually... (Wandering into the kitchen.)	no

 Monica: (wandering in after her) Uh, Rach... how come you have dental floss in your hair?	no

 Rachel: Oh, do I?	no

 Monica: Uh huh.	no

 Monica: You had sex in his chair?!... I said that a little too loudly, didn't I?	no

 Ross: You-you had what?	no

 Phoebe: Sex in his chair.	no

 Ross: What, uh... what were you thinking?	no

 Rachel: I don't know! I mean, we still care about each other. There's a history there. 'S'like you and Carol.	no

 Ross: No! No no, it is nothing like me and Carol!	no

 Rachel: Please. If she said to you, &quot;Ross, I want you on this couch, right here, right now,&quot; what would you say? (Ross flounders.)	no

 Chandler: If it helps, I could slide over.	no

 Phoebe: Where are you going?	no

 Ross: (leaving) I just have to go, all right? Do I need a reason? Huh? I mean I have things to do with my life, I have a jam packed schedule, and I am late- for keeping up with it. Okay? (Ross exits, a phone rings, and Chandler dives for his phone.)	no

 Rachel: (on phone) Hello?(Listens) Mindy! Hi! Hey, how are you? (Listens) Yes, yes, I've heard, congratulations, that is so great. (Listens) Really? (Listens) Oh. (Listens) Okay. Okay, well I'm working tomorrow, but if you want you can, you can, you can come by and... (Listens) Okay... (Listens) Great... (Listens) Great... (Listens) All right, so I'll, so I'll see you tomorrow! (Listens) Okay.. (Listens) Okay... (Listens) Bye. (Hangs up and sits down heavily.) Oh God. Oh God. Oh God.	no

 Joey: (entering) He's back! The peeper's back! (Rachel enters from her room.)	no

 Joey: (ducking) Get down!	no

 Rachel: Get down?	no

 Chandler: ...And boogie!	no

 Monica: Relax. Y'know, she may not even know.	no

 Rachel: Please. I haven't heard from her in seven months, and now she calls me? I mean, what else is it about? Oh! She was my best friend, you guys! We went to camp together... she taught me how to kiss..	no

 Rachel: And now, y'know, I'm like... I'm like the other woman! I feel so..	no

 Joey: ..Naughty!	no

 Rachel: Right, I'll see you guys later...	no

 Chandler: Okay, I'm gonna go to the bathroom. Will you watch my phone?	no

 Monica: Why don't you just take it with you?	no

 Monica: Why don't you just call her?	no

 Chandler: I can't call her, I left a message! I have some pride.	no

 Monica: Don't you have to pee?	no

 Rachel: Mindy.	no

 Mindy: Hey, you.	no

 Rachel: Hey, you.... So, what's up?	no

 Mindy: Um.. we should really be sitting for this.	no

 Rachel: Sure we should... So.	no

 Rachel: Okay.	no

 Mindy: Will you be my maid of honour?	no

 Rachel: Of course!	no

 Rachel: Was that all you wanted to ask me?	no

 Mindy: That's all!	no

 Mindy: That's not all.	no

 Rachel: Oh sure it is!	no

 Mindy: Oh no, it isn't! No! I think Barry is seeing someone in the city.	no

 Rachel: Um, what- what would make you think that?	no

 Rachel: (draws back) Really. Mindy, if it'll make you feel any better, when I was engaged to him he went through a whole weird thing too.	no

 Mindy: Oh God! You see, that's what I was afraid of!	no

 Rachel: What? What's what you were afraid of?	no

 Mindy: Okay, okay... when Barry was engaged to you, he and I...kind of... had a little thing on the side.	no

 Rachel: What?	no

 Mindy: I know. I know, and when he proposed to me, everyone said &quot;Don't do it, he's just gonna do to you what he did to Rachel,&quot; and now I feel so stupid.	no

 Rachel: Uh... Oh, Mindy, you are so stupid. Oh, we are both so stupid.	no

 Mindy: What do you mean?	no

 Mindy: Oh no.	no

 Rachel: Oh, I am so sorry.	no

 Joey: (watches them for a while) Oh my.	no

 Ross: Thanks.	no

 Joey: (entering) Hey, you know our phone's not working?	no

 Chandler: What?!	no

 Monica: Just like you told her you did! (Chandler glares at her.) ... Just pointing out the irony.	no

 Joey: Hey, so listen, I went across the street and talked to the doorman- I got the peeper's name! Can I use the phone?	no

 Chandler: Nngghhh!!!!!!!	no

 Joey: (to Monica) Can I use your phone? (On phone) Yeah, the number for a Sidney Marks, please.	no

 Ross: &quot;Heating device.&quot;	no

 Phoebe: Radiator.	no

 Phoebe: Rdtor.	no

 Monica: So she's a woman! So what?	no

 Monica: Joey!!	no

 Joey: (on phone) Yeah, my neighbor... (Listens) Yeah, the brunette... (to Monica) She says you looked very pretty the other day in the green dress.	no

 Monica: The green dress? Really?	no

 Joey: Yeah, she said you looked like Ingrid Bergman that day.	no

 Rachel: Hey. Got a second?	no

 Barry: Sure, sure. Come on... (Mindy enters) ...in...	no

 Mindy: Hello, sweetheart.	no

 Barry: Uh... uh... what're'you... what're'you guys doing here?	no

 Barry: Both of you?	no

 Mindy: Basically, we think you're a horrible human being, and bad things should happen to you.	no

 Barry: I'm sorry... I'm sorry, God, I am so sorry, I'm an idiot, I was weak, I couldn't help myself! Whatever I did, I only did because I love you so much!	no

 Barry: ....Mindy. Mindy, of course Mindy, it was always Mindy.	no

 Rachel: Even when we were having sex in that chair?	no

 Barry: (to Mindy) I swear, whatever I was doing, I was always thinking of you.	no

 Mindy: (to Rachel) You did it twice?	no

 Rachel: Well, the first time didn't really count... I mean, y'know, 's'Barry.	no

 Mindy: Okay...	no

 Mindy: Yeah... I'm pretty sure I'm still gonna marry him.	no

 Mindy: Look, I know he's not perfect, but the truth is, at the end of the day, I still really wanna be Mrs. Dr. Barry Farber, D.D.S.	no

 Rachel: Oh God.	no

 Monica: You okay?	no

 Rachel: Yeah.	no

 Monica: Really?	no

 Monica: Aww... (They hug) (Joey enters and looks on approvingly.)	no

 Phoebe: You know he's gay?	no

 Danielle: (entering) Chandler?	no

 Chandler: Danielle! Hi! Uh- everybody, this is Danielle, Danielle, everybody.	no

 All: Hi. Hi.	no

 Chandler: What are you doing here?	no

 Danielle: Well, I've been calling you, but it turns out I had your number wrong. And when I finally got the right one from Information, there was no answer. So I thought I'd just come down here, and make sure you were okay.	no

 Chandler: ...I'm, I'm okay.	no

 Danielle: Listen uh, maybe we could get together later?	no

 Danielle: You got it.	no

 Danielle: G'bye, everybody.	no

 All: Bye.	no

 Monica: Yeah, there you go!	no

 Ross: Second date!	no

 Rachel: You don't know?!	no

 Joey: How could someone get a hold of your credit card number?	no

 Monica: I have no idea. But look how much they spent!	no

 Rachel: Monica, would you calm down? The credit card people said that you only have to pay for the stuff that you bought.	no

 Monica: That's me.	no

 Rachel: Oh no, not in my room! I'll get him.	no

 Monica: Ross, you've got to do something about the humping.	no

 Ross: Would you all relax? It's not that big a deal.	no

 Rachel: (Out of shot) Stop it! Marcel! Bad monkey!	no

 Ross: What?	no

 Rachel: Oh, Monica. You are not still going over that thing.	no

 Rachel: What?	no

 Monica: Yeah, well I might be if I had the supplies! I mean, I could do all this stuff. Only I don't.	no

 Rachel: Oh, Monica, c'mon, you do cool things.	no

 Rachel: (Yawning) Oh, it's so late for 'Shall we'...	no

 Monica: Do I go horseback riding in the park? Do I take classes at the New School?	no

 Chandler: How about Joey... Pepponi?	no

 Joey: Plus, y'know, I think it should be Joe. Y'know, Joey makes me sound like I'm, I dunno, this big. (Waitress looks at him funny) Which I'm not.	no

 Chandler: Joe...Joe...Joe...Stalin?	no

 Joey: Stalin...Stalin...do I know that name? It sounds familiar.	no

 Chandler: Well, it does not ring a bell with me...	no

 Joey: Joseph Stalin. I think you'd remember that!	no

 Rachel: Hey.	no

 Phoebe: Hey.	no

 Phoebe: What are you doing?	no

 Phoebe: This is madness. It's madness, I tell you, for the love of God, Monica, don't do it!! ...Thank you.	no

 Monica: What d'you think?	no

 Phoebe: Lotsa things. (They go in and sit down.)	no

 Rachel: Which one do you think she is? (The teacher comes up to them.)	no

 Monica: Oh, no thanks, we're just here to observe.	no

 Rachel: What does she mean?	no

 Monica: Okay, d'y'see anybody you think could be me?	no

 Teacher: (To the class) People! Last time there were some empty yoghurt containers lying around after class. Let's not have that happen again!	no

 Rachel: She could be you. (Music starts)	no

 Teacher: Let's get started. Five, six, a-five six seven eight... (Everyone starts to dance in unison. Monica flounders)	no

 Monica: Okay, I'm not getting this!	no

 Rachel: What? You just click when they click.	no

 Phoebe: Okay. And, my, dead, mother, says, you, are, it. I'm with Rachel.	no

 Monica: Great. It's gym class all over again. Phoebe and Rachel: Aww.	no

 Teacher: Well that's all right, you can come up to the front and dance with me.	no

 Woman: It's okay, it's okay, I'm here, I'm here. Sorry I'm late, okay, here I am. Who's the new tense girl?	no

 Teacher: She's your partner.	no

 Woman: Hi. I'm Monica.	no

 Monica: Oh. Monica! ...Hi. I'm Mo- ...nana.	no

 Woman: (Fake Monica) Monana?	no

 Monica: Um, Pennsylvania Dutch.	no

 Ross: (Mortified) Hi. Chandler and Joey: Hey.	no

 Joey: Where've you been?	no

 Ross: She says as time goes on, he's gonna start getting agressive and violent.	no

 Chandler: So what does this mean?	no

 Ross: I'm gonna have to give him up. Commercial Break	no

 Joey: I can't believe it, Ross. This sucks!	no

 Chandler: I don't get it, I mean, you just got him. How can he be an adult already?	no

 Ross: I know. I know. I mean, one day, he's this little thing, and before you know it, he's this little thing I can't get off my leg.	no

 Phoebe: Hey. We found her, we found the girl.	no

 Chandler: What?	no

 Rachel: Nope. We took her to lunch.	no

 Ross: What?! Are you insane? This woman stole from you. She stole. She's a stealer.	no

 Phoebe: Popes in a Volkswagen! ...I love that joke.	no

 Rachel: No way. No way did you do this. Fake Monica: Monana was very brave.	no

 Ross: Marcel! Marcel! Marcel, no! Good boy. See, how can nobody want him?	no

 Rachel: Oh, somebody will.	no

 Joey: (entering) You know there already is a Joseph Stalin?	no

 Chandler: Y'know, you'd think I would've.	no

 Phoebe: ...Flame Boy.	no

 Ross: No-no, he's, he's very docile. Dr. Baldhara: Even if he were... cornered?	no

 Ross: Well I, I don't know. Why? Dr. Baldhara: Uh, how is he at handling small objects?	no

 Joey: We, we come back from our walk and the- the phone was ringing...	no

 Rachel: Where the hell've you been?	no

 Monica: Monica and I just crashed an embassy party.	no

 Rachel: Are you drunk?!	no

 Rachel: Monica? Monica!	no

 Rachel: Okay Monica, what are you doing? You're gonna lose your job! This is not you!	no

 Monica: No, it is me! Y'know, I'm not just the person who needs to fluff the pillows and pay the bills as soon as they come in! Y'know, when I'm with her, I am so much more than that. I'm- I'm Monana! (The phone rings and Rachel answers)	no

 Rachel: Hello? Yes, she is, hold on a second, please. Monana, it's for you, the credit card people.	no

 Monica: Helloooo? Yeah. Oh my God. Thanks.	no

 Rachel: What?	no

 Monica: Hi. Fake Monica: Hey.	no

 Monica: I want you to know, it wasn't me who turned you in. Fake Monica: Oh. Thanks.	no

 Monica: Not necessarily... Fake Monica: Yes necessarily! I mean, I dunno what it is, maybe it's the Amish thing.	no

 Teacher: You by the door. In or out?	no

 Teacher: You in the back, you're getting it all wrong!	no

 Monica: Yeah, but at least I'm doing it!	no

 Ross: Aww. Thank you, Aunt Phoebe.	no

 Phoebe: Oh!	no

 Chandler: Okay, bye, champ. Now, I know there's gonna be a lot of babes in San Diego, but remember, there's also a lot to learn.	no

 Joey: I dunno what to say, Ross. Uh, it's a monkey.	no

 Ross: Just, just say what you feel.	no

 Joey: Marcel, I'm hungry.	no

 Ross: That was good.	no

 Rachel: (Brings Marcel a teddy bear) Marcel, this is for you. It's, uh, just, y'know, something to, um, do on the plane.	no

 Ross: Uh, if you guys don't mind, I'd like to take a moment, just me and him.	no

 Actor: (Very melodramatically, and very badly) Oh, that I were a glove upon that hand, that I might... touch thy cheek... Casting Director No. 1: That's fine, thank you. Casting Director No. 2: Next. (Joey walks onstage)	no

 Joey: Hi, uh, I'll be reading for the role of Mercutio. Casting Director No. 2: Name?	no

 Joey: Holden McGroin. End	no

 Monica: Tell him.	no

 Rachel: No.	no

 Phoebe: Tell him, tell him.	no

 Monica: Just...please tell him.	no

 Monica: Look at you, you won't even look at him.	no

 Rachel: All right, all right, all right. Last night, I had a dream that, uh, you and I, were...	no

 Phoebe: Doing it on this table. (points at the table)	no

 Chandler: Wow!	no

 Joey: Exellent dream score.	no

 Ross: Why, why, why would you dream that?	no

 Rachel: Well, you were pretty damn good.	no

 Rachel: Well, last night you seemed to know your way around the table.	no

 Ross: I love it, when we share. (Ross goes over to the counter. Chandler follows him.)	no

 Chandler: You're okay there?	no

 Chandler: Hello Rachel.	no

 Rachel: Get off.	no

 Joey: I don't know. What are you wearing? (Chandler, Monica and Phoebe looks at him)	no

 Chandler: Pirates again?	no

 Phoebe: No, nothing like that. I was just...such a dummie. I taught this &quot;massage-yourself-at-home-workshop.&quot; And they are.	no

 Joey: Hey, hey, Chan. She could work for you.	no

 Phoebe: What... I could, I could do it. What is it?	no

 Phoebe: I could be a secretary.	no

 Rachel: What are you playing with?	no

 Chandler: A cool phone number, and a possible name for the kid.	no

 Monica: All right, I'll see you guys later. (raises)	no

 Monica: Thank you.	no

 Monica: He's... our age.	no

 Chandler: When we were?	no

 Monica: Okay, he's a senior in college.	no

 Ross: College?	no

 All: What?	no

 Monica: I am 26.	no

 Phoebe: There you go.	no

 Chandler: Can you hear that?	no

 Phoebe: (plays with a thumbtack remover) Yeah?	no

 Phoebe: Oh. Uh, I'm on. (picks up the phone)	no

 Chandler: What?	no

 Phoebe: Ross says hi.	no

 Chandler: Ah!	no

 Phoebe: This is so fun. All right, what do we do now?	no

 Chandler: Well, now, I actually have to get to work.	no

 Phoebe: Most likely. (raises and goes toward the door) Okay, I'm gonna be out there.	no

 Chandler: Okay.	no

 Phoebe: All right. Bye bye.	no

 Chandler: (answering it) Yes?	no

 Phoebe: Whatcha doin'?	no

 Rachel: Just a touch. Mon, I don't understand. I mean, you've been dating this guy since like, what... his midterms? I mean, why all the sudden are you so... Oh.	no

 Monica: What?	no

 Rachel: Could tonight be the Night?	no

 Monica: I don't know. Look he's a great guy and I love being with him but... you know. Things happen, and they happen. You don't plan these things.	no

 Rachel: So, did you shave your legs?	no

 Monica: Yeah.	no

 Rachel: A-ha!	no

 Ross: Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh this is it. Oh my god it's baby time. Baby time.	no

 Joey: Hey, hey. How was the first day?	no

 Phoebe: Oh, exellent. Everyone was so, so nice.	no

 Phoebe: No, I didn't tell anybody that I knew you.	no

 Chandler: Why not?	no

 Phoebe: Oh, because, you know... they don't like you.	no

 Chandler: What?!	no

 Phoebe: I thought you knew that.	no

 Phoebe: Everyone. Except for uh... no everyone.	no

 Chandler: What are you talking about?	no

 Chandler: I can't belive it.	no

 Phoebe: Yeah, yeah. They even do you.	no

 Chandler: They do me?	no

 Chandler: I don't sound like that.	no

 Ross: Oh, oh Chandler...	no

 Joey: Oh... Yeah, you do.	no

 Chandler: Okay, I don't sound like that. That is so not true. (Joey and Chandler laughs)	no

 Monica: Ok...ay. Commercial Break	no

 Chandler: Oh, come on. You told me about the last dream.	no

 Rachel: No, forget it.	no

 Chandler: Oh, why not. Was I doing anything particularly... saucy?	no

 Ross: Was there...uh, huh, huh, huh... andybody, anybody else there.	no

 Rachel: No.	no

 Rachel: No, it was just the three of us.	no

 Ross: Huh!	no

 Joey: What?	no

 Monica: What?	no

 Monica: Oh.	no

 Ross: Are you not seeing him anymore?	no

 Monica: No. You know, sometimes just things doesn't work out.	no

 Rachel: I, I didn't say any... I sw... I did not say anything, I swear. He stopped by.	no

 Ross: Oh, yeah.	no

 Rachel: Where are you going?	no

 Phoebe: Um, oh, I've got a birthday party, with some work people.	no

 Chandler: Work people? Nobody told me.	no

 Phoebe: No, I know. That's a part of the whole, you know, them-not-liking-you-extravaganza.	no

 Phoebe: Well, then you should come tonight. You know, just hang out with them. Let them see what a great guy you still are.	no

 Chandler: You think I should?	no

 Phoebe: I really do, yeah.	no

 Chandler: Okay.	no

 Phoebe: Okay.	no

 Chandler: Okay.	no

 Chandler: I Think last night was great. You know, the Karaoke thing. Tracy and I doing Ebony and Ivory.	no

 Phoebe: You were great. But they still made fun of you.	no

 Chandler: What?	no

 Chandler: Then, I don't get it.	no

 Phoebe: Well, you know what Chandler? I think you've gotta face it. You're like, the guy in the big office, you know. You're the one that hires them, that fires them... They still say you're a great boss.	no

 Chandler: They do?	no

 Phoebe: Uh huh. But they're not your friends anymore.	no

 Chandler: I just wan't to...	no

 Phoebe: No, but you can't.	no

 Chandler: But I just wa...	no

 Phoebe: Uh uh.	no

 Monica: Aren't you gonna...	no

 Joey: What about Andr?	no

 Ross: I thought that was just a rumour.	no

 Rachel: True story.	no

 Ross: Are you're hands still wet?	no

 Rachel: Let's dry 'em again. (They go to the bathroom again)	no

 Gerston: Uh, like, could these margaritas be any stronger? (They discover that Chandler is listening) Hey, Chandler.	no

 Santos: Hello, Mr. Bing.	no

 Santos: Sure.	no

 Phoebe: Petrie.	no

 Chandler: Petrie, right, right. Okay, some people gonna be working this weekend.	no

 Rachel: Ross?	no

 Ross: I'm here.	no

 Rachel: You are. Well, um... We, we, we were just...&nbsp; Wow!	no

 Rachel: What?	no

 Ross: Ooh, Ooh.	no

 Rachel: What?	no

 Ross: I'm having... I'm having a baby. (jumps back onto the table again) I'm having a... Where's the phone? The phone?	no

 Rachel: Ross?	no

 Ross: I'm hurt. Closing Credits	no

 Chandler: (doing a little dance) Hey Ross, look what I've got going here.	no

 Ross: Yeah, save it for the cab, okay. (Rachel comes out from their apartment with a mirror and a lipstick in her hands)	no

 Rachel: What, so I can't lokk nice? There might be doctors there.	no

 Ross: Joey, get out of the fridge.	no

 Ross: What is that? (refering to the sandwich)	no

 Ross: Save it.	no

 Ross: That's nice. Get out Let's go, come on.	no

 Chandler: Here we go, here we go.	no

 Rachel: Rossy, Rossy. End	no

 Ross: She's not here yet. She's not here. She's having my baby and she's not here.	no

 Joey: Do we have to know about that?	no

 Monica: Joey, what are you gonna do when you have a baby?	no

 Rachel: What, it's ok when Chandler does it?	no

 Phoebe: Did I miss it, did I miss it?	no

 Ross: She's not even here yet.	no

 Monica: What's with the guitar?	no

 Ross: (to Carol) Where the hell have you been?	no

 Ross: Susan wanted a Chunky. We're having a baby, ok, a baby, you don't stop for Chunkys.	no

 Ross: Stopped for a Chunky.	no

 Carol: Let it go, Ross.	no

 Carol: Oh, I love them. Each one's like a little party in my uterus.	no

 Susan: They're every four minutes and last 55 seconds.	no

 Ross: 59 seconds. (holds up his watch) Quartz, ha.	no

 Susan: Swiss quartz, ha, ha.	no

 Ross: I'll get it.	no

 Susan: No, I'm getting it. I'll be right back.	no

 Ross: I got it&
 Carol: Thanks.	no

 Rachel: Oh, that's funny!	no

 Monica: I want a baby.	no

 Monica: Get up. Come on. Let's get some coffee.	no

 Joey: (to the screen) Shoot! Shoot! Shoot! Shoot, or just fall down. That's good too. (A young pregnant woman enters.)	no

 Lydia: Knick fan?	no

 Joey: Oh, yeah.	no

 Joey: Hey, listen, lady....(sees that she's pregnant)...whoa.	no

 Joey: Oh yeah? And who do you like?	no

 Lydia: The Celtics.	no

 Lydia: There is no father.	no

 Joey: Oh, oh, oh, sorry.	no

 Lydia: Ok, that's ok. I'm fine. I'm... oh!	no

 Lydia: Ok. (Joey accompanies Lydia to a hospital room.)	no

 Phoebe: Oh, look, twins. Hi, guys. Oh, cute, cute.	no

 Monica: No fair. I don't even have one. How come they get two?	no

 Chandler: You'll get one.	no

 Monica: Oh yeah? When?	no

 Monica: Why won't I be married when I'm 40?	no

 Chandler: Oh, no, no. I just meant hypothetically.	no

 Monica: Ok, hypothetically, why won't I be married when I'm 40?	no

 Monica: What is it? Is there something fundamentally unmarriable about me?	no

 Monica: Well?	no

 Rachel: Hey.	no

 Phoebe: Hey. Ooh, look at you, dressy-dress.	no

 Monica: Did you go home and change?	no

 Rachel: Yeah, well, it's an important day. I wanna look nice. Um, has uh Dr. Franzblau been by?	no

 Monica: No, I haven't seen him.	no

 Rachel: Well, where is he? He is supposed to be here. (Pause) What if the baby needs him?	no

 Chandler: Rachel, what is the deal with you and doctors, anyway? Was, like, your father a doctor?	no

 Rachel: Yeah, why?	no

 Joey: Tribbiani.	no

 Lydia: Joey Tribbiani. Yes, ok. Hold on. (to Joey) She wants to talk to you. Take the phone.	no

 Lydia: She's not much of a phone person.	no

 Joey: Ok, look, maybe I should just go.	no

 Lydia: Maybe you should.	no

 Joey: Good luck, and uh, take care, huh? (He leaves, but then returns a moment later.)	no

 Lydia: Oh, that is so not true.	no

 Joey: Oh, it is.	no

 Lydia: It isn't.	no

 Joey: It is.	no

 Lydia: Isn't!	no

 Carol: Count faster.	no

 Susan: It's gonna be ok, just remember, we're doing this for Jordie. Just keep focusing on Jordie.	no

 Susan: Your son.	no

 Ross: I got it.	no

 Susan: I got it.	no

 Ross: I got it! Hey, you get to sleep with her, I get the cramps.	no

 Susan: No, you don't.	no

 Ross: Why?	no

 Susan: He started it!	no

 Ross: No, you started it.	no

 Susan: You did!	no

 Susan: (to Ross) See what you did.	no

 Ross: (to Carol) Yeah, listen...	no

 Carol: Out! (Ross and Susan both angrily leave the hopsital room.)	no

 [Scene: Lydia's Hospital Room, Joey is helping Lydia go through labor, a nurse is now present in her room as well.]	no

 Lydia: Oh, no. (Joey looks down at Lydia.)	no

 Joey: Ew! What is that? Something exploded!	no

 Ross: Please. This is so your fault.	no

 Susan: How, how is this my fault?	no

 Susan: You know what your problem is? You're threatened by me.	no

 Ross: Yeah, Susan.	no

 Phoebe: Don't make me do this again, I don't like my voice like this. (Phoebe goes to leave the room, but the door is locked.)	no

 Phoebe: Ok, who wants to hear something ironic? Commercial Break	no

 All: Help!	no

 Carol: Are they here yet?	no

 Carol: Ok.	no

 Rachel: Ok?	no

 Carol: Ok.	no

 Susan: What're you gonna do, suck the door open?	no

 Ross: Help! Help!	no

 Chandler: Where have you been?	no

 Joey: Oh, just had a baby.	no

 Rachel: (anxiously) No, no, not at the moment, no, I'm not. Are you? Dr. Franzblau: No, it's hard enough to get women to go out with me.	no

 Rachel: I'm a waitress. Dr. Franzblau: Ok, all right, well aren't there times when you come home at the end of the day, and you're just like, 'if I see one more cup of coffee'...	no

 Rachel: (getting the point) Yeah. Gotcha. Dr. Franzblau: I'm gonna go check up on your friend.	no

 Lydia: So how did you know I was even here?	no

 Guy: Your mom called me. So is this her?	no

 Guy: I'm sorry you had to do this by yourself.	no

 Lydia: I wasn't by myself. I had a doctor, a nurse, and a helper guy. (Joey smiles) So, did you see who won the game?	no

 Guy: Yeah, the Knicks by 10. They suck.	no

 Susan: The woman I love is having a baby today. I've been waiting for this just as much as you have.	no

 Ross: No no no, believe me. No one has been waiting for this as much as I have, ok? And you know what the funny thing is? When this day is over, you get to go home with the baby, ok? Where does that leave me?	no

 Ross: You wanna explain that?	no

 Carol: Where are they?	no

 Rachel: Yeah, honey, they wouldn't miss this.	no

 Carol: Oh, god.	no

 Ross: Ok, got the vent open.	no

 Phoebe: (reading the nametag on the uniform) Hi, I'm Ben. I'm hospital worker Ben. It's Ben... to the rescue!	no

 Susan: What do you see?	no

 Janitor: (to Ross and Susan) Wait! You forgot your legs!	no

 Ross: We're here!	no

 Carol: (irked) Where have you been?	no

 Ross: Long story, honey. Dr. Franzblau: All right, Carol, I need you to keep pushing. I need&
 All: Good luck! (Everyone heads for the door.)	no

 Ross: Let me see, I gotta see, I gotta see. Oh, a head. Oh, it's, it's huge. Carol, how are you doing this?	no

 Carol: (straining) Not.... helping! Dr. Franzblau: You're doing great, you're doing fine.	no

 Ross: (puts his head near the baby) Hello! (to Dr. Franzblau) Oh, sorry.	no

 Susan: What do you see? What do you see?	no

 Susan: Oh, look at that.	no

 Carol: Really?	no

 Susan: I like Ben.	no

 Ross: We uh, we just cooked it up.	no

 Susan: That's what we were off doing. (Monica opens the door.)	no

 Monica: Hi.	no

 Ross: Hey.	no

 Monica: Can we come in? (The whole gang enters.)	no

 Ross: (to Ben) I know, I know. Everybody, there's someone I'd like you to meet. Yeah. This is Ben. Ben, this is everybody.	no

 Phoebe: Susan, he looks just like you.	no

 Susan: Thanks.	no

 Rachel: Oh, god, I can't believe one of us actually has one of these.	no

 Monica: Ross, can I? (Monica holds Ben.)	no

 Ross: The head, the head. You gotta...	no

 Ross: Ben, I want you to know that there may be some times when I may not be around, like this. (walks out of the picture) But I'll still always come back, like this. (returns) And sometimes I may be away longer, like this. (walks away) But I'll still always come back, like this. (returns) (Chandler comes into the picture.)	no

 Monica: He is so amazing.	no

 Rachel: Oh, I know. Look at him.	no

 Joey: Ben, Ben, hey Ben. Nothing. I don't think that's his name.	no

 Joey: He doesn't do much, does he?	no

 Rachel: You guys wanna get some coffee?	no

 All: Yeah.	no

 Phoebe: Oh, look, he's closing his eyes again. (The screen fades to black.) End	no

 Ross: And here's little Ben nodding off...	no

 Monica: Awww, look at Aunt Monica's little boy!	no

 Ross: (quietly) That would be nice. (Chandler, annoyed with Ross's fawning, makes a 'pfft' noise.)	no

 Chandler: Nothing, just a little extra air in my mouth. Pffft. Pffffffft. (walks over to where Joey is seated) (Joey is looking at his check.)	no

 Joey: Hey, Chan, can you help me out here? I promise I'll pay you back.	no

 Joey: I will, really. I'll pay you back this time.	no

 Ross: (overhearing) What kind of research?	no

 Joey: Oh, just, y'know.... science.	no

 Joey: Alright, come on you guys, it's not that big a deal. Really... I mean, I just go down there every other day and... make my contribution to the project. Hey, hey, but at the end of two weeks, I get seven hundred dollars.	no

 Ross: Hey.	no

 Phoebe: Wow, ooh, you're gonna be making money hand over fist! Opening Credits	no

 Chandler: Hi!	no

 Phoebe: Hmm, did you talk to Gary about the moving in thing?	no

 Chandler: Yes I did, and I think you should do it.	no

 Phoebe: What?!	no

 Phoebe: Ohh!! God! (Gary enters and she sees him) Ooh! (To Chandler) Get out of here, good for nothing.	no

 Chandler: Hey Gar!	no

 Phoebe: Yeah! Okay. (They move to the couch.)	no

 Phoebe: Yeah?	no

 Phoebe: Uh-hmm.	no

 Phoebe: Yeah?	no

 Phoebe: That is so sweet. But don't you think it's a little too soon? I mean there's so much we don't know about each other.	no

 Phoebe: I just&
 Chandler: Four hours? You guys have been doing this for four hours?	no

 Joey: That's right baby.	no

 Monica: (jumping in front of him) No-no! Don't do it! Don't!	no

 Chandler: What?	no

 Monica: He's a dropper!	no

 Ross: It's really a uh-uh three person game, y'know?	no

 Monica: Oh my&
 Monica: So, why don't you just take it back to where you got it?	no

 Rachel: I tried! They won't take her back.	no

 Monica: Rach, why won't they take it back?	no

 Rachel: Well, they said would but they would only give me store credit. I mean, what am I going to do, get a thousand regular cats?	no

 Monica: Look, if you want you can keep it at our place until you find out what to do with it.	no

 Monica: Oh my God, the cat's made my eyes water! Don't-don't throw it to me! My vision's been compromised!! (Quickly grabs a tissue to wipe her eyes.) Oh God! Okay. Okay. It's okay. Man, that was close.	no

 All: Hey!	no

 Gary: We have great news!	no

 All: Congratulations! Congrats!	no

 Phoebe: I know, I'm so excited!	no

 Phoebe: Well, you're not more excited than I am! No way! I'm the most excited!	no

 Monica: Why, do you write him a lot?	no

 Phoebe: No, nothing.	no

 Phoebe: Yeah.	no

 Phoebe: (sits down) Yeah, I feel great. 'Cause we're moving in together.	no

 Phoebe: Yeah, uh-huh, there was nothing. (Pause) Can I get some water?	no

 Phoebe: Umm, yeah! Today's.	no

 Phoebe: Yes. Yes! Fine! I am someone! You want me to say it? I have doubts! (Pause) I'm sorry! (Puts her head down.)	no

 Phoebe: Yeah?	no

 Phoebe: That's so sweet.	no

 Phoebe: Living with you would make me happy.	no

 Phoebe: No, I really wanna live with you! I wanna move in with you!	no

 Rachel: Oh no! No! It's actually&
 Rachel: Okay, a thousand. Woman No. 2: I thought you wanted to adopt your cat.	no

 Ross: I'm starving!	no

 Monica: Please! I made this game what it is.	no

 Ross: I'm still hungry!	no

 Monica: All right, there's some pizza at my place, we can all eat with one hand right? Are you with me?	no

 Ross: I am!	no

 Monica: Rachel! What is your cat doing in one of my bowls!	no

 Ross: Oh, thank God!	no

 Joey: Did you get your money back?	no

 Monica: Wow! You made a profit!	no

 Monica: All right! Come on Monica! Look alive! Come on, look alive!	no

 Phoebe: (entering) Oh good, you're all up.	no

 Phoebe: Oh yeah, that's over.	no

 All: What?!	no

 Rachel: Phoebe, are you okay?	no

 Phoebe: Yeah. Yeah, I'll be alright.	no

 Joey: Oh hey, here Pheebs. (He throws her the ball.)	no

 Phoebe: Yeah!	no

 Ross: I know. My arm is killing me.	no

 Ross: What's going on?	no

 Rachel: Well, my eye is a little itchy. (Ross turns to look at Joey.)	no

 Joey: Uhhh, mine too! Yeah.	no

 Rachel: Richard? I'm not gonna go see your ex-boyfriend!	no

 Monica: Since we've been going out, I think I've mentioned his name twice!	no

 Monica: It's not Richard! Okay? It's this new guy and he's really good.	no

 Rachel: Well, I'm sorry I'm not going to an eye doctor!	no

 Ross: Oh God, here we go!	no

 Chandler: What?	no

 Rachel: (flinches) Ross! Come on! That's all right! Fine--Okay, I have a weird thing about my eye. Can we not talk about it please?	no

 All: All right, fine.	no

 Rachel: (flinches again) Monica! Come on!	no

 Ross: Hey, does anybody want to get some lunch? All those in favor say I? (Pokes his eye)	no

 Rachel: Chandler!	no

 Rachel: Just stop it! Come on! (Joey howls in pain and holds his eye.)	no

 Chandler: You okay there man?	no

 Ross: All right, I gotta go. I'm taking Ben to the park.	no

 Phoebe: Ohh, give him a kiss for me!	no

 Ross: All right, bye!	no

 Monica: Bye!	no

 Phoebe: Bye!	no

 Ross: Later! (Exits.)	no

 Phoebe: (after he's gone) I am so sorry you got caught in the middle of that. I didn't mean to be so out there. I am furious with him!	no

 Chandler: Wow umm, calm down.	no

 Phoebe: I'm trying, but man that guy can push my buttons!	no

 Phoebe: Look, I don't wanna talk about it. Okay?	no

 Monica: Well, it just seems that&
 Chandler: Uh, no Pheebs. What's it look like?	no

 Phoebe: Uh, it's a piece of paper and it says, &quot;Ross&quot; on it.	no

 Phoebe: Ohh-oh, chilling!	no

 Chandler: Yeah, I know that means buddy!	no

 Phoebe: Oh wait, my grandmother's dead.	no

 Joey: All right! Thanks Pheebs!	no

 Chandler: Whoa-whoa-whoa, what are we going to do about my job?	no

 Joey: Oh umm, not go.	no

 Monica: Chandler! You don't have to ask for my permission. (Quietly) You can go.	no

 Chandler: Thank you.	no

 Phoebe: Oh hey Joey! What's up?	no

 Phoebe: Yeah, I've been around.	no

 Joey: Okay, so-so which route should I take the northern route or the southern route?	no

 Phoebe: Ooh, if you take the northern route there's a man in Illinois with a beard of bees. {Okay, I must protest this, I've lived in Illinois all my life and know of no man with a beard of bees! Wisconsin, on the other hand, might be a different story.}	no

 Phoebe: But on the southern route there's a chicken that plays tic-tac-toe.	no

 Joey: (quickly) Yes!	no

 Phoebe: Which would you rather be a fireman or a swimmer?	no

 Joey: A swimmer!	no

 Phoebe: Who would you rather sleep with Monica or Rachel?	no

 Joey: Monica. Oh&
 Phoebe: No thinking! No thinking! Tie or ascot?	no

 Joey: Ascot!	no

 Phoebe: North route or south route?	no

 Joey: North route!	no

 Phoebe: Bamn! There you go! Huh?	no

 Ross: (entering) Hey!	no

 Phoebe: Oh, this guy again. (She ignores him.)	no

 Joey: Hey man, what's up?	no

 Ross: Uhh, not much. You guys want to see a movie tonight?	no

 Ross: I don't know, umm&
 Ross: What's with her?	no

 Ross: Okay.	no

 Joey: What do you like better action or comedy?	no

 Ross: Action.	no

 Joey: Who would you rather sleep with Monica or Rachel? (Ross pauses and looks at him, Joey motions for him to hurry up.)	no

 Rachel: Oh my God! What does that thing do?	no

 Monica: I'm kidding! I'm kidding! (Rachel heads for the door but is intercepted by the doctor.) The Doctor: Hi Rachel!	no

 Rachel: So were done then! Dr. Miller: Almost! But first, we gotta start.	no

 Rachel: Uh-huh. Dr. Miller: Sit down.	no

 Monica: A small puff of air, now come on! Dr. Miller: Here we go.	no

 Rachel: I'm sorry. All right, I'll just stay in here this time. (Puts her head back.) Okay. Dr. Miller: Ready?	no

 Rachel: Uh-huh. Dr. Miller: 1&
 Monica: Y'know what, I'm gonna hold her head.	no

 Rachel: Okay. Dr. Miller: That's okay.	no

 Monica: Okay. (Monica backs off.)	no

 Rachel: Okay. Okay! Dr. Miller: 1&
 Rachel: Okay, just give me the damn drops! (Grabs them and storms out.)	no

 Monica: I sure do! (She runs over to a drawer, opens it, and grabs a lollipop.) (To Rachel) And you don't get one!	no

 Rachel: Damn!	no

 Chandler: (entering) Hey!	no

 Joey: Hey! You ready to go?	no

 Chandler: What?	no

 Joey: Man, I wish Ross was coming with us! Y'know? I'm gonna miss him!	no

 Ross: (entering) Hey!	no

 Joey: Hey!	no

 Joey: You got it!	no

 Ross: All right! (Joey nods to Chandler, no way!)	no

 Chandler: All right, bye-bye now!	no

 Phoebe: Bye!	no

 Rachel: Bye you guys!	no

 Joey: Bye-bye!	no

 Chandler: Okay!	no

 Joey: See ya! (Walks out.)	no

 Phoebe: Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't see you there.	no

 Phoebe: Well, if you don't know I can't help you.	no

 Ross: Well, I don't know.	no

 Phoebe: Well, I can't help you.	no

 Ross: Well, whatever it is I'm-I'm very, very sorry. Okay?	no

 Ross: Okay. So we're, we're good?	no

 Phoebe: Uh-huh.	no

 Ross: All right. (Gets up.) I'll uh, I'll see you later, okay?	no

 Phoebe: I don't know! I don't remember!	no

 Ross: Well if you can't remember, can't we just forget about this?	no

 Joey: Man, I'm getting pretty tired. You're might have to take over soon.	no

 Chandler: We've been driving for a half-hour, and you haven't looked at the road once.	no

 Joey: Don't worry, it's out there! (Just then a horn honks and Joey quickly looks at the road.) I think I just need lunch.	no

 Chandler: Yeah.	no

 Chandler: Isn't that Ross's money?	no

 Chandler: I don't know.	no

 Chandler: Okay!	no

 Joey: Okay, uhh, would you rather be too wet or too dry?	no

 Joey: Do you believe in ghosts, yes or no?	no

 Joey: Is this movie gonna be my big break?	no

 Chandler: No!	no

 Joey: (shocked) What?!	no

 Chandler: Yes.	no

 Joey: Dude you said, &quot;No!&quot;	no

 Joey: You don't think this is going to be a big break for me?	no

 Chandler: No! (Realizes) Ahhh!!!	no

 Chandler: Look Joe, I just, I just don't want to get your hopes up real high.	no

 Joey: Not if you're gonna be like this!	no

 Chandler: All right, I'll tell ya what, the next time you ask me a question like that I'll lie.	no

 Chandler: All right, fine! Fine! Why don't you pull over? I'll get out right now!	no

 Joey: Get out!!	no

 Chandler: All right!! (Gets out and Joey speeds away.) Wait! Wait, there's no sidewalk! Yeah, I'm gonna die here. Commercial Break	no

 Phoebe: No.	no

 Ross: Are you angry at me because I said your handwriting is childlike?	no

 Phoebe: No that made me feel precious.	no

 Rachel: Eh! Stop it!	no

 Chandler: (entering) Hey!	no

 Monica: Chandler! What are you doing here?	no

 Ross: Hey!	no

 All: Why?!	no

 Phoebe: That game should not be played without my supervision.	no

 Phoebe: What's in the bag?	no

 Phoebe: I do!	no

 Monica: Not even close.	no

 Rachel: Okay, then y'know what? Help me! I need help! I can't do this!	no

 Monica: Okay! All right! Let's do it!	no

 Rachel: All right!	no

 Monica: Sit down. (They sit down on the couch.)	no

 Rachel: All right.	no

 Monica: Put your head back.	no

 Rachel: Yes!	no

 Monica: All right.	no

 Rachel: Okay.	no

 Monica: Now, open your eyes.	no

 Rachel: Okay, they are. (No they're not.)	no

 Monica: How many fingers am I holding up? (She's not holding any up.)	no

 Rachel: (thinks) Four.	no

 Monica: Oh my God, I was thinking four.	no

 Rachel: Really?!	no

 Rachel: Okay!	no

 Monica: No drops!	no

 Rachel: Great!	no

 Monica: Okay.	no

 Rachel: Okay.	no

 Monica: Then why did you move?!	no

 Rachel: Because I knew you were lying!	no

 Monica: All right, come here! (She gets up and drags Rachel off of the couch by her legs.)	no

 Monica: I am going&
 Rachel: Monica! Stop it!	no

 Phoebe: Ooh that is definitely Chandler, Joey, or Ross. (Thinks) Or-or Rachel!	no

 Joey: Let's just say there's a well-dressed pack of dogs in Ohio. Hey Monica listen is-is Phoebe there? I gotta ask her something about the car.	no

 Monica: Yeah, she's here. Hold on a second. (She hands the phone to Phoebe.)	no

 Phoebe: Hey, dude!	no

 Joey: Hey Pheebs! Listen, this wooden box keeps sliding out from under the seat. What-what is it?	no

 Chandler: (who has just entered) Is that Joey? Is that Joey? Let me talk to him! I wanna talk to him!	no

 Chandler: Y'know, he won't even talk to me. How am I going to apologize to him if he won't even talk to me?	no

 Phoebe: No, don't-don't say I'm sorry with porn!	no

 Chandler: Really?	no

 Ross: (entering) Okay Pheebs, I know how we're going to figure this out. Okay, clear your mind and answer the first thing that comes into your head. Okay?	no

 Phoebe: Uh-hmm.	no

 Ross: What do you like better flora or fauna?	no

 Phoebe: Fauna.	no

 Ross: Who would you rather be Simon or Garfunkle?	no

 Phoebe: Garfunkle.	no

 Phoebe: Oh my God, I remember now! We were playing chess!	no

 Ross: Phoebe! You and I have never played chess!	no

 Joey: Hey-hey! Stanley! Hey-hey! You're leading man is here! Let's get to work.	no

 Joey: Wh-what?! Why?!	no

 Stanley: It's a money thing, we don't have any.	no

 Joey: (laughs) You're kidding right?	no

 Stanley: No.	no

 Joey: What?!	no

 Stanley: It-it's probably just temporary. We're hoping to get some more money soon, so if could just uh, hang out.	no

 Joey: Uh, hang out?! How long?	no

 Joey: No!	no

 Rachel: What?!! Stop it! Stop it! Oh my God!	no

 Rachel: Pheebs? Could you get that? Please?	no

 Rachel: No! No! It's just that all the people in the entire world that I want to talk to are right here.	no

 Phoebe: (smiles) Okay! (Goes to answer the phone.)	no

 Phoebe: Sure! Where is it?	no

 Phoebe: Ohh! So you're 5639?!	no

 Joey: That's it! Thanks Pheebs! [Cut to Monica and Rachel's]	no

 Chandler: (entering) Hey!	no

 Phoebe: (to Joey) Ooh, do you want to talk to Chandler?	no

 Phoebe: Who was that?	no

 Chandler: (To Phoebe) Y'know what? I have been trying to apologize to him all week! If he's not gonna let me do it on the phone, I'm gonna go down there and do it in person. [Cut to Joey]	no

 Joey: Uhh Pheebs, I heard that. Can you put him on? [Cut to Phoebe]	no

 Phoebe: Yeah! (She hands the phone to Chandler.)	no

 Chandler: (To Joey) Hey! [Cut to Joey]	no

 Joey: Don't come out here! [Cut to Chandler]	no

 Joey: I got that! I forgive ya! Don't come out here! [Cut to Chandler]	no

 Chandler: Uh, what was that? [Cut to Joey]	no

 Phoebe: Monica! I'm sorry I'm late! (Starts looking around for her) Monica? (Goes into Monica's bedroom.)	no

 Phoebe: (saddened) It's okay. What the hell took you so long?	no

 Monica: Okay, you can not tell Chandler. Okay? That I ran into Richard.	no

 Phoebe: Which Richard?	no

 Monica: The Richard.	no

 Phoebe: Richard Simmons?! Oh my God!	no

 Monica: It was, it was really nice. We started talking and I-I ended up having lunch with him.	no

 Monica: Really?	no

 Phoebe: But again, Simmons. Go on.	no

 Phoebe: Ooh! So now why can't we tell Chandler?	no

 Phoebe: Oh, I can't believe you guys lasted a whole year!	no

 Monica: I know.	no

 Phoebe: Wow! I owe Rachel 20 bucks!	no

 Monica: What?	no

 Phoebe: On a totally different bet.	no

 Chandler: (entering) Hey!	no

 Monica: It's almost our anniversary!	no

 Chandler: Huh.	no

 Chandler: Wow!	no

 Monica: No.	no

 Chandler: Okay this is great, but Joey said he didn't want any of us out there.	no

 Chandler: Yeah, I think we should see other people.	no

 Monica: But we can go, right?	no

 Chandler: Yes.	no

 Monica: Okay!	no

 Chandler: It's a great idea. (They kiss)	no

 Phoebe: Okay, I'm gonna go too!	no

 Monica: Ditch you? Phoebe, you were pregnant with the triplets!	no

 Phoebe: Uh-huh, great story! I'm going!	no

 Rachel: (entering with Ross) Hi!	no

 Phoebe: Hey!	no

 Ross: Hey!	no

 Rachel: Well, I guess I could take a couple days off work.	no

 Rachel: Oh no, wait a minute, wait, I've got a presentation tomorrow. I can't miss that.	no

 Ross: Oh, but I've got tickets to the Van Gogh exhibit! I've been waiting like a year for this.	no

 Ross: What'd you say?	no

 Chandler: I said art lover.	no

 Chandler: I don't know, I'm very tired.	no

 Rachel: That sounds great.	no

 Ross: Yeah? All right I'll call the airlines. (Picks up the phone and does so)	no

 Rachel: Okay. Yeah, that would be nice actually, to have the apartment to myself for a night.	no

 Phoebe: Oh yeah, so you can walk around naked.	no

 Phoebe: Naked alone time.	no

 Rachel: No! Phoebe just because I'm alone doesn&
 Phoebe: Uh-huh! Why do you think it takes me so long to answer the door?	no

 Chandler: So it's pretty much the same Pheebs.	no

 Phoebe: Okay, what about after I give you these candies? (Hands them each one from her purse.)	no

 Chandler: Yeah, I guess it's a little better now.	no

 Monica: Aww! I love you!	no

 Monica: Okay!	no

 Chandler: Okay! (He grabs his carryon and starts rummaging through it.) Oh man! Don&
 Monica: Oh that's okay. Don&
 Chandler: Ohh that's the worse thing that can happen on an anniversary ever!	no

 Phoebe: (sitting down) Oh good! All right, so you decided to tell him about the Richard thing.	no

 Chandler: What-what Richard thing?	no

 Phoebe: Oh no. [The patented version.]	no

 Chandler: What Richard thing?	no

 Phoebe: (To Monica under her breath) Simmons! Go with Simmons!	no

 Monica: Really?!	no

 Monica: Great! (Pause.)	no

 Phoebe: Okay, London 1&
 Ross: Hey. Commercial Break	no

 Ross: May I come in?	no

 Rachel: Uh, yeah, if you want too.	no

 Ross: Do you want me too?	no

 Rachel: Yeah, sure?	no

 Rachel: And um, what-what is that Ross?	no

 Rachel: (laughs) What?! Are you crazy?	no

 Rachel: (gasps) Oh God, you saw me?! Oh!	no

 Rachel: Noo!! No! You thought, you actually thought I wanted to have sex with you?!	no

 Rachel: Ohh wow! I&
 Ross: Can we, can we just forget this ever happened?	no

 Rachel: Yes of course, absolutely! You're right. I'm sorry.	no

 Ross: Thank you.	no

 Rachel: Yes.	no

 Ross: All right I guess I'm, gonna go pack. (Starts to leave)	no

 Chandler: Oh my God.	no

 Joey: Hi!	no

 Joey: What-what are you guys doing here? I thought I told you not to come.	no

 Phoebe: Why are you dressed as a gladiator?	no

 Monica: Who are you talking too?	no

 Joey: They uh director. Uhh, her. (Points to an old woman standing behind him. Who glares at him and walks off.) All right, all right, it's not a gladiator movie. I work here.	no

 Chandler: Why?! What happened?!	no

 Joey: Look, I'm sorry I didn't tell ya. (To Chandler) I'm sorry man.	no

 Monica: I knew you were not okay with that.	no

 Phoebe: So you're a gladiator! Wow!	no

 Joey: Yeah, what-what's going on?	no

 Phoebe: Monica had lunch with Richard.	no

 Joey: Dawson?!	no

 Phoebe: Noo! But that would've been so cool!	no

 Monica: It meant nothing! Okay? After all this time, how can you not trust me?	no

 Monica: You're right. I'm sorry. I should've told you.	no

 Chandler: Thanks. (They hug.)	no

 Joey: Aww, there we go.	no

 Chandler: (pushing her away from another hug) Next time?	no

 Joey: Ooh, so close.	no

 Monica: I can not see him? I mean, you can't tell me what to do!	no

 Monica: Oh y'know what? If you're gonna be acting like this all night, I really, I don't even want to be around you.	no

 Monica: Fine! Happy Anniversary!	no

 Monica: No it is not!	no

 Chandler: What are you talking&
 Joey: Hey-hey don't look at me! I just work here! (Walks away.)	no

 Ross: Y'know, last night was embarrassing for you too.	no

 Ross: Uh-huh. But it was a first for the rest of my building.	no

 Rachel: No, I don't! Ross, I think I'm just a more secure person than you are.	no

 Ross: Is that so?	no

 Rachel: Yeah. (Pause.)	no

 Joey: Hey, y'know in Roman times this was more than just a hat.	no

 Chandler: Really?	no

 Joey: All right well, I'll take you someplace nice then. Look! A guy tipped me a hundred bucks today.	no

 Chandler: Whoa!	no

 Chandler: I see. (Joey exits as Chandler shakes his head.) Commercial Break	no

 Monica: (to the bartender) Thank you.	no

 Phoebe: Thanks.	no

 Monica: I can't believe this! This is like the worst night ever!	no

 Monica: This is crazy! I mean, it's such a stupid argument. I don't even wanna see Richard again.	no

 Monica: Hmm.	no

 Guy: (To Rachel) So uh, I'm on my way back to the bathroom. (Ross giggles.)	no

 Ross: What the? What&
 Joey: Chandler! You are not gonna believe this! I have found my identical hand twin!	no

 Chandler: (totally confused) What?	no

 Joey: My identical hand twin!	no

 Chandler: What's an identical hand twin?	no

 Chandler: Are you sure you weren't (pause) looking at your hands in a mirror?	no

 Joey: Don&
 Chandler: (totally confused) How?	no

 Joey: Look, I don't have it all worked out yet, but it's gotta mean big money! Come on! Identical hands!	no

 Chandler: (Pause) Y'know, I-I can't really put a price on that Joe.	no

 Joey: Hey, are you unsupporting me again?	no

 Phoebe: Hey!	no

 Joey: Pheebs!!	no

 Phoebe: Yeah?	no

 Joey: I found my identical hand twin!	no

 Phoebe: Ohh, you are so lucky! (To Chandler) Hey! So, where's Monica? Did you guys make up?	no

 Chandler: No!	no

 Chandler: That was Joey!	no

 Chandler: Really?	no

 Ross: Ohh, it was the best! Commercial Break	no

 Ross: I think the check in is that way. (Points)	no

 Phoebe: (sees Ross and Rachel) Hey!	no

 Ross: Phoebe! (They hug.)	no

 Phoebe: You guys are here! Yay!	no

 Rachel: Pancho Vila?	no

 Ross: Hey, you wet my pants!	no

 Phoebe: Whoa, what kind of party was this?	no

 Rachel: Ross, I have been walking around like this since the plane! I can&
 Phoebe: Ugh!	no

 Ross: What?	no

 Phoebe: That's like the third time that lady's won on a machine I was playing.	no

 Ross: Oooohhh, I'll bet she's one of those people.	no

 Ross: What? No-no, a lurker.	no

 Phoebe: Oh. What's a lurker?	no

 Ross: Okay when you're playing a machine and it hasn't paid out, a lurker waits for you to give up and then&
 Phoebe: Kills you?	no

 Ross: No. They swoop in and steal your jackpot.	no

 Phoebe: Ohhh!	no

 Ross: Uh-hmm.	no

 Phoebe: How do you know about this?	no

 Phoebe: Dance karate?	no

 Ross: What?!	no

 Rachel: It won't come off!	no

 Ross: Oh my God! Rach-Rach, are-are-are you sure?	no

 Joey: (entering) Hey-hey-hey you made it!	no

 Ross: Joey!!	no

 Joey: All right! Hey-hey!	no

 Rachel: Hi!!	no

 Ross: (To Joey) Thanks man.	no

 Ross: Hey listen I uh, talked to Chandler, sorry about the movie.	no

 Ross: Your what?	no

 Joey: My identical hand twin! The person whose hands are exactly like mine! This thing is a gold mine!	no

 Ross: What?! That's not gonna make you any money!	no

 Joey: Okay. Well, if that's how you feel about it, fine! None of you get to live with me in my great big hand-shaped mansion! Except uh, you Pheebs. You can live in the thumb.	no

 Monica: All right baby, come on! (Rolls the dice) Yes! Yes! I am on fire!	no

 Chandler: (walking by with his luggage) See you later Mon.	no

 Monica: Wait Chandler, what are you doing?!	no

 Chandler: What does it look like? I'm going home.	no

 Monica: Not any more.	no

 Chandler: Really?!	no

 Joey: Right! Okay. (Heads for the bathroom.)	no

 Rachel: Ross, no! There is no way I am leaving this room looking like this!	no

 Ross: Oh, come on! Rach, it's-it's not that bad.	no

 Ross: Okay, there was some staring and pointing.	no

 Ross: Really like those Macadamia nuts, huh?	no

 Phoebe: Ohh! You made up!	no

 Phoebe: Ohh, get a room.	no

 Monica: We have one.	no

 Joey: Oh-oh-oh, yeah! (He grabs some towels and takes them to him.) That's right, you take good care of those babies! Joey's Hand Twin: Excuse me?	no

 Joey: It's me, Joey! Joey's Hand Twin: Do I know you?	no

 Joey: (holds up his hand) Joey! Joey's Hand Twin: Oh-ho, yeah. Yeah, the hand guy.	no

 Joey: Okay, so what are we going to do about this hand twin thing?! Joey's Hand Twin: Nothing?	no

 Joey: Look, you and I have been given a gift. Okay? We have to do something with it. Like-like, hand modeling! Huh? Or-or magic! And you know NASA's gonna wanna talk to us! Joey's Hand Twin: (tries to leave) I have to get back to&
 Joey: (stopping him) Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Whoa-whoa! We could have our own show! Y'know we could clap our hands together people will love it! Huh? And-and-and I wrote a song for us! (Singing, to the tune of This Land is Your Land) This hand is your hand! This hand is my hand! Oh wait, that's your hand! No wait, it's my hand! Joey's Hand Twin: That's okay. (Walks out.)	no

 Rachel: Oh my God, I'm starting to look like my great aunt, Muriel.	no

 Rachel: Hit me!	no

 Rachel: I bet 20.	no

 Ross: You're right! (Gives her the twenty she won.)	no

 Monica: That's right baby! Okay, what do I want now?	no

 Monica: Pick a number! That is your only job!	no

 Chandler: 8. 8!	no

 Monica: Thank you!	no

 Monica: Yes!	no

 Chandler: Noo!	no

 Monica: Okay, good! Okay, what do I want now?	no

 Chandler: Ahh, ooh, try a hard 8.	no

 Monica: What?	no

 Chandler: Two fours.	no

 Monica: Okay. (Rolls the dice) The Croupier: 8!: A Drunken Gambler: (To Chandler) Don't you let her go! You're a lucky guy!	no

 Chandler: (sees the roll) Yes!! I love you! I can't even remember what we were fighting about!	no

 Monica: Oh, that's because I had lunch with Rich&
 Chandler: Another hard 8.	no

 Chandler: Okay, okay, I tell you what. You roll another hard eight; (pause) and we get married here tonight. Drunken Gambler: Go! Come on! Roll!	no

 Monica: Shut up!! It just got interesting! Commercial Break	no

 Monica: What did you just say?	no

 Chandler: You roll another hard eight and we get married here tonight.	no

 Monica: Are you serious?!	no

 Chandler: Yes! I love you! I've never loved anybody as much as I love you.	no

 Monica: I've never loved anybody as much as I love you.	no

 Monica: Okay!	no

 Chandler: Okay! Come on! Let's go! All right! (She rolls the dice, but one bounces out of the table.)	no

 Monica: Nobody move! (To Chandler) Okay, you look that way; I'll look this way!	no

 Chandler: Here it is! Here it is!	no

 Monica: That could be a four or a five. It's your call. (Pause.)	no

 Rachel: Hit me. (He does so.) Hit me. (He does so.) Hit me. (He does so.) Hit me. (He does so.) Hit me. (He does so.) Hit me. (He does so.) Hit me. (She slows down with each one.)	no

 Ross: (runs out of cards) We need more cards.	no

 Joey: Hey!	no

 Rachel: Hey!	no

 Joey: Yeah! I'm fine! Thanks! (He starts to leave, but gets an idea and stops.) Hey Rach, how you doin'?	no

 Rachel: I'm doin' good, baby. How you doin'?	no

 Joey: Ross, don't let her drink anymore! (Exits)	no

 Rachel: Ohhh!!	no

 Rachel: Oops! All right, so what do you want to do now?	no

 Rachel: Wow!	no

 Ross: (bowing) Hello!	no

 Phoebe: Oh, okay. (Walks out.)	no

 Chandler: Okay, all right, all right, all right! Okay! (Picks up a blue sweater.) Okay, here's something, here's something blue and new.	no

 Monica: You're so efficient. I love you!	no

 Monica: No-no-no! We need something old!	no

 Monica: That'll work!	no

 Chandler: I don't think so.	no

 Chandler: (looks around) Here just&
 Monica: That's stealing!	no

 Monica: Ohh. (Rubs her fake stomach.)	no

 Chandler: Okay, one thing at a time. (They run out to get married.)	no

 Joey: (sitting down) Ahhh! (Slides his hands across the table.) Joey's Hand Twin: Are you gonna play?	no

 Joey: No-no, I don't really have any money. Not yet, anyway&
 Joey: Hit me! (He does so.)	no

 Phoebe: Oh my God! May I just say that you two gentlemen have the exact same hands! They're identical! Now, I've never seen anything like that in the business world. Joey's Hand Twin: Stop it!	no

 Joey: Uhh, Ms. Phalange, may I ask you a question as an impartial person at-at this table? Joey's Hand Twin: Please stop it!	no

 Chandler: (singing) Dum! Dum-dum-dum! Dum! Dum! Dum! Dum-dum-dum!	no

 Monica: What are you doing?	no

 Chandler: Oh, that's The Wedding March. Does, does that freak you out?	no

 Chandler: Okay! (Stands up) This is it! (Claps his hands) We're gonna get married!	no

 Chandler: Okay! (Stands up) This is it! (Claps his hands) We're gonna get married!	no

 Monica: Whoa!	no

 Chandler: Oh my God!	no

 Joey: (entering with Phoebe) Come on Pheebs! Hurry! Hurry! Hurry! Hurry!	no

 Phoebe: Okay! Okay! Okay! (They run into the chapel.) (Chandler and Monica are stunned again.)	no

 Phoebe: (to her) Hey! Don&
 Chandler: Hey!	no

 Joey: Hey!	no

 Monica: What are you guys doing here?	no

 Chandler: Yes! Well that-yes.	no

 Monica: Why else would we be here?	no

 Joey: Well! What happened?! Did we miss it?	no

 Monica: This is insane!	no

 Phoebe: What&
 Phoebe: (shocked) Really?!	no

 Monica: Yeah!	no

 Ross: Why are we in bed together?	no

 Rachel: I don&
 Rachel: Really?!	no

 Ross: No! But we-we didn&
 Ross: And we didn&
 Ross: (getting up) Tell me about it. (He sits up on the edge of the bed and has &quot;Just Married&quot; written on his back.)	no

 Phoebe: What about my cab?	no

 Joey: I don&
 Phoebe: Are you asking me to have a frenaissance?	no

 Joey: Sure?	no

 Chandler: Hi!	no

 Joey: Hey.	no

 Monica: Hey.	no

 Chandler: So, has anyone talked to Dr. and Mrs. Geller yet?	no

 Phoebe: Um-hmm, yeah. They left me a message; they should be here any minute.	no

 Joey: Where is the waitress?! I&
 Chandler: Listen, I gotta talk to you.	no

 Chandler: Monica and I almost got married last night.	no

 Chandler: Look, I just don&
 Joey: Oh! Tell her she&
 Chandler: What?!	no

 Monica: How do I tell Chandler that it&
 Phoebe: Well you don&
 Monica: Yes I do!	no

 Phoebe: Good! Good! I was just testing you.	no

 Monica: Oh hi! Hi! Y&
 Ross: Hey! The Girls: Hey!	no

 Ross: What?	no

 Rachel: (To Ross) I don&
 Ross: Yeah!	no

 Phoebe: Uh-huh! Ross invited us all to watch. (Rachel turns to Ross stunned.)	no

 Monica: Rach! We weren&
 Ross: What?! Hello! We didn&
 Ross: We-we-we&
 Rachel: Oh my God.	no

 Ross: I&
 Rachel: No!	no

 Monica: What are you guys gonna do?	no

 Phoebe: Oh-oh, that&
 Ross: What?	no

 Phoebe: You&
 All: Oh yeah!	no

 Monica: So, what do you think we should do?	no

 Chandler: I don&
 Monica: I know I love you! (They hug.)	no

 Chandler: So where are we on the whole going back to the place where they have all the marriages thing? I love you.	no

 Chandler: Yes, we don&
 Monica: Okay. (They approach the craps table.)	no

 Croupler: Coming in, we got a shooter! Money please.	no

 Monica: Ready?	no

 Monica: Wow! I can&
 Chandler: That&
 Monica: I wanted it so bad! (Pause) Wanna go pack?	no

 Joey: All right. All right.	no

 Joey: Really? I don&
 Hitchhiker: (driving) Morning! (Phoebe screams again.)	no

 Ross: Hey!	no

 Ross: Yeah. Yeah, actually um, I wanted to talk to you about that whole annulment thing?	no

 Rachel: Uh-huh.	no

 Rachel: Okay! So, we&
 Ross: Yes, exactly!	no

 Ross: Wow! This is so amazing. I uh, I really thought I&
 Ross: I&
 Rachel: What-wh-what so we&
 Ross: I&
 Rachel: You are asking me to be your wife!	no

 Ross: And as my wife I think you should grant me this favor.	no

 Monica: That kid really kicked me hard on the plane.	no

 Chandler: Well you did pull his hair.	no

 Monica: Okay! Oh God, y&
 Chandler:&nbsp; Well, I told you not to walk. Here. (Picks her up.) There. Okay. (He opens the door, carries her across the threshold, stops, backs out, and lets go of Monica who is only holding on by his neck.)	no

 Monica: This doesn&
 Chandler: No!	no

 Monica: Okay.	no

 Phoebe: (To Joey) How could you pick up a hitchhiker?! He could be a rape&
 Joey: Don&
 Phoebe: Y&
 Hitchhiker: No!	no

 Phoebe: Do you like car games?	no

 Hitchhiker: Yeah, y&
 Phoebe: I love the license plate game!	no

 Joey: Ooh, I&
 Ross: Hey!	no

 Rachel: Hey!	no

 Ross: I don&
 Ross: Oh, okay, y&
 Rachel: Oh Ross, come on! This is not, this is not a marriage!! This is the world&
 Ross: All right. All right, I&
 Rachel: Thank you. (He goes to leave.) Hey-hey umm, uh, is there, is there any such thing as an annulment shower? (Ross turns and leaves.)	no

 Phoebe: Oh, okay.	no

 Phoebe: You can still sleep at night and stuff.	no

 Joey: Well, thank you. So, can we play 20 Questions now? I&
 Phoebe: Okay. Is it a kind of hot sandwich?	no

 Joey: Yes.	no

 Rachel: Huh, that&
 Monica: No, don&
 Chandler: All right, should we just, should we just get married? Y&
 Monica: I&
 Chandler: Me too!	no

 Monica: I don&
 Chandler: No!	no

 Chandler: Jeez, relax! It&
 Chandler: (entering, slowly) Y&
 Monica: Then all your stuff would be here.	no

 Chandler: Well, what if all my stuff was here?	no

 Chandler: Okay. What if we lived together and you understand what I&
 Monica: Live together? There have been no signs for that.	no

 Chandler: Me asking is kind of a sign.	no

 Monica: YES!!!!!!!!	no

 Monica: Yes! Okay! Okay! Wait-wait-wait!	no

 Chandler: Okay.	no

 Chandler: The door hasn&
 Monica: Ready! (He tries, but something happens.)	no

 Monica: Wait! Oh my God! I can&
 Chandler: This is not a sign!	no

 Monica: Oh my God it&
 Monica: I love you!	no

 Chandler: Are you hugging the door right now. (Pause)	no

 Monica: No.	no

 Chandler: Yeah-yeah, me neither.	no

 Ross: Hey!	no

 Rachel: Hey, so did everything go all right with the annulment?	no

 Rachel: Ross, thank you. Hey, do you guys wanna go see a movie?	no

 Ross: Oh yeah, why not?	no

 Rachel: Pheebs?	no

 Phoebe: No thanks, I&
 Rachel: Okay, umm, I&
 Ross: Okay. (Sits down next to Phoebe.) You uh, you wanna hear something weird?	no

 Phoebe: Always.	no

 Ross: I didn&
 Phoebe: What?!	no

 Joey: What are you doing?	no

 Chandler: (trying the handle) It still doesn&
 Joey: I&
 Ross: (To Rachel) Hey, do you have any gum?	no

 Rachel: Oh? Yeah! Sure!	no

 Phoebe: (running out) Wait! Wait! Hi! Listen, Ross can I just talk to you for just a second?	no

 Phoebe: Oh, the Angelica!! Go! Go! (She bangs on the cab&
 Ross: I know.	no

 Phoebe: Ross?!	no

 Ross: Look, all I know is I-I can&
 Ross: Well, okay so, I don&
 Phoebe: Rachel is one of my closest friends. (Pause) Although, being the only one who knows anything about this does makes me feel special. Okay! (Rachel&
 Rachel: (to the driver) Okay, stop-stop! Phoebe?!	no

 Phoebe: Hey Rach!	no

 Rachel: What was that?!	no

 Rachel: I haven&
 Phoebe: Well then you&
 Chandler: Y&
 Monica: Of course! Joey wouldn&
 Monica: Y&
 Chandler: Oh, so that&
 Monica: Pretty much.	no

 Chandler: All right.	no

 Joey: (entering) Hey Monica!	no

 Monica: Hi!	no

 Monica: Joey, we have something to tell you.	no

 Joey: Oh my God! You&
 Monica: Wait! Joey! Joey! Are you okay?!	no

 Joey: Yeah, I gotta go! I got an acting job. (Turns towards the door, pauses, and turns back.) Like you&
 Monica: Hey Pheebs!	no

 Phoebe: Hey!	no

 Monica: Hey, have you seen Rachel?	no

 Phoebe: No, why?	no

 Monica: I have some pretty exciting news!	no

 Phoebe: (gasps) You&
 Monica: No! Chandler and I are moving in together!	no

 Ross: Hey! Hi!	no

 Monica: Hey!	no

 Ross: What&
 Monica: Well umm, Chandler and I are moving in together.	no

 Phoebe: Guys, I&
 Ross: Bye.	no

 Phoebe: Ross, it&
 Ross: (interrupting) No! No, I won&
 Phoebe: Ross, you&
 Phoebe: (to the girls) Hi! Hi! Listen, my friend Ross is about to be divorced for the third time, but wouldn&
 Ross: And if you wait right here, I&
 Chandler: (entering) Hey!	no

 Monica: Ugh, I thought you were Rachel!	no

 Monica: I just tell her, I have to get it over with. I told Ross and Phoebe and she&
 Monica: No.	no

 Rachel: Hey!	no

 Chandler: Hey.	no

 Rachel: Ugh, the worse day! Y&
 Rachel: What?	no

 Monica: Have a seat. (They sit at the table.) Okay, listen umm, Chandler and I are going to live together, here.	no

 Rachel: Oh my God! That&
 Monica: Really?!	no

 Rachel: And that was so sweet of you to ask! Oh my God, the three of us are gonna have such a good time living together!	no

 Chandler: Rach&
 Monica: Yeah, he&
 Phoebe: (interrupting) Whatever! What about you Meg?	no

 Meg: Well, I don&
 Ross: What?!	no

 Phoebe: (leaning to him) She said, &quot;He&
 Ross: (to the panel) Look, I&
 Chandler: Okay, when are we gonna tell Rachel what is actually gonna happen?	no

 Chandler: Well, Joey&
 Monica: I&
 Chandler: You just said&
 Monica: All right, all right, at least I&
 Chandler: Hey-hey!	no

 Chandler: Okay, bye! (Exits.)	no

 Rachel: (gasps) Are you pregnant?!	no

 Rachel: Um-hmm.	no

 Monica: Umm, when I said that uh, that Chandler and I wanted to umm, live together we meant alone together.	no

 Monica: Okay. Don&
 Rachel: Sure? (Monica hands her one.) Thanks.	no

 Rachel: Monica, where did you get these?!	no

 Monica: I made them!	no

 Chandler: Look, I&
 Monica: (entering) Hi.	no

 Chandler: Hey!	no

 Joey: Hi.	no

 Monica: So I, I told Rachel it was just gonna be the two of us.	no

 Chandler: Oh yeah? Well, how&
 Joey: Hey! I did not cry my eyes out!! Come on! It&
 Chandler: Okay, I gotta ask, who calls us that?!	no

 Russell: You got married again.	no

 Ross: Yes.	no

 Ross: Yes, second in two years. Third overall.	no

 Russell: (interrupting) I&
 Ross: Yes-yes-yes! But, I-I do not love her.	no

 Russell: Oh, that&
 Ross: This was just a drunken mistake and I need to get it annulled.	no

 Russell: I see. Have you considered therapy?	no

 Ross: I think just the annulment for today.	no

 Russell: And we&
 Ross: No problem.	no

 Russell: And we&
 Russell: Of course you did. Look Ross, you can&
 Rachel: Hey!	no

 Monica: Hey. So um, I was thinking that maybe we should start dividing up our stuff.	no

 Rachel: Okay!	no

 Monica: Y&
 Rachel: Okay.	no

 Rachel: (grabbing the star) What the hell is that?	no

 Monica: Something to remember me by!	no

 Rachel: Mon, honey you&
 Monica: But still, it&
 Monica: I&
 Rachel: What is the matter with you?!	no

 Monica: What&
 Monica: Rachel, it&
 Rachel: But I&
 Rachel: It is? Really?	no

 Monica: Yeah, sweetie.	no

 Rachel: (starting to lose her composure) I mean we&
 Monica: No.	no

 Monica: I&
 Rachel: I mean it&
 Monica: I know!	no

 Phoebe: (to Joey and Chandler) Okay, bye!	no

 Ross: Oh no.	no

 Phoebe: So? Did you get the annulment?	no

 Phoebe: I knew it! Because you love Rachel.	no

 Ross: It&
 Ross: I&
 Ross: I do not have feelings for Rachel! Okay?! (He goes into her apartment.) [Cut to Monica and Rachel&
 Ross: Ohh, what&
 Rachel: Thank you.	no

 Phoebe: Oh we do, but not just yet.	no

 Joey: Really?! Well, when?	no

 Phoebe: Okay umm, well, first Chandler and Monica will get married and be filthy rich by the way. Yeah. But it won&
 Phoebe: I know. Then, I&
 Joey: Great!	no

 Joey: Oh-oh, what about Ross?	no

 Chandler: (entering) Hey!	no

 Rachel: (entering from her room) Pheebs, I wanna ask you something.	no

 Phoebe: Uh-huh, what?	no

 Rachel: Well since I&
 Phoebe: Oh!	no

 Rachel: &
 Phoebe: Well, that would be great but then what do we do about Denise?	no

 Monica: Who&
 Phoebe: My roommate.	no

 Rachel: You have a roommate?!	no

 Phoebe: Yes, Denise. Denise!	no

 Joey: Hey, what is with the secrecy Phoebe? Huh? And what about this Denise, is she cute?	no

 Chandler: Pheebs, I don&
 Phoebe: Maybe because you never listen to anything that I say. I talk about her all the time! DENISE!!!!!	no

 Joey: Hey Rach, listen I was thinkin&
 Rachel: Oh, that&
 Phoebe: Hey.	no

 Ross: Hey!	no

 Phoebe: So, what did Rachel say when you told her you were still married to her?	no

 Ross: Oh, that. Umm, she took it really well.	no

 Phoebe: You didn&
 Ross: No.	no

 Phoebe: Of course not, because you&
 Phoebe: What do you mean, comforted her?	no

 Ross: It&
 Ross: It&
 Phoebe: Okay, just tell me this, did you or did you not smell her hair?	no

 Ross: S-s-smell her hair? What if I did?	no

 Phoebe: (taking his coffee) Okay, whatever you say. But just be careful, all right? Rachel&
 Joey: Hey! (To Chandler) Dude, some guy just called for you.	no

 Chandler: Who was it?	no

 Monica: Okay listen, y&
 Chandler: Sure!	no

 Monica: Okay, I was thinking we should have a beautiful guest room, right? With a mahogany sleigh bed and bedside tables with flowers on them all the time! And we could have a roll top desk with comment cards on them so people could say how much they loved staying here!! Okay, whatever, I really haven&
 Monica: No.	no

 Monica: Oh, I&
 Chandler: So, that&
 Monica: I just don&
 Monica: What do you have against the beautiful guest room?	no

 Monica: Are you mocking me?	no

 Joey: Hey, what&
 Chandler: Nothing, Monica and I had a stupid fight.	no

 Joey: But you&
 Rachel: Pheebs, I have to ask you&
 Phoebe: Shhhhhh! I&
 Rachel: You&
 Phoebe: Umm, I&
 Rachel: This one? (Picks it up.)	no

 Phoebe: It worked!	no

 Rachel: Pheebs, this whole apartment thing is just a nightmare! Every place I can afford comes with a roommate who is a freak. I mean, look at this; (Points to one and starts to read it.) &quot;Wanted. Female roommate, non-smoker, non-ugly.&quot; It&
 Phoebe: Wait, no, look at this! (Points to one.) (Reading) &quot;Two bedroom, two bath, must be non-smoker, Satan worshipers okay&
 Ross: (entering) Hey!	no

 Rachel: Hey.	no

 Ross: Rach, uh, you still looking for a place?	no

 Rachel: Yeah! Why?	no

 Rachel: That sounds great! I&
 Ross: Don&
 Ross: Okay, you go grab it!	no

 Ross: I don&
 Phoebe: Umm, I&
 Ross: Look, I do not re-love her.	no

 Phoebe: I can&
 Ross: Look, we&
 Ross: You can live with me.	no

 Rachel: What?!	no

 Phoebe: What?!	no

 Ross: What? Commercial Break	no

 Rachel: Oh my God! Are you serious?!	no

 Ross: Uh-huh. (Phoebe grunts.)	no

 Rachel: I would love to live with you Ross; that&
 Ross: Well, I&
 Ross: Hero, I uh, I don&
 Rachel: Oh, I have to go tell Monica what a wonderful brother she has! (Kisses him on the cheek and exits.)	no

 Ross: Oh please! (He sits down.) (To Phoebe) You&
 Chandler: Hi.	no

 Monica: Hi.	no

 Chandler: Really?	no

 Monica: Yeah! Oh yes!	no

 Monica: Listen, we don&
 Monica: Totally! (They start thinking.)	no

 Monica: Oh good.	no

 Monica: You&
 Chandler: Is that a problem?	no

 Monica: Well, it&
 Chandler: Oh, that&
 Monica: Look it is not my fault that your chairs are incredibly ugly!	no

 Joey: Whoa!! Now look, don&
 Chandler: (entering) You can call off the roommate search! (To the potential roommate) Hi! I&
 Joey: Oh don&
 Rachel: Hey!	no

 Ross: Hey! Oh listen, I was just clearing some space for your stuff.	no

 Rachel: Oh thanks, but listen, I was just at Monica&
 Ross: What do you mean, they&
 Rachel: No-no, they just had a big blowout over what to do with my room.	no

 Ross: What?! Over a stupid room!	no

 Ross: What&
 Monica: Ross, we can handle this.	no

 Ross: Well, apparently not, and I can&
 Monica: Love is the best medicine.	no

 Chandler: That&
 Monica: Why do you do it?	no

 Chandler: I don&
 Ross: Okay! All right! Now, Chandler you-you wanna live with Monica, right?	no

 Chandler: Yeah, I do.	no

 Ross: And Mon, you wanna live with Chandler, don&
 Monica: Yes.	no

 Rachel: No-no, I&
 Gunther: Oh, I was going to offer you my apartment.	no

 Rachel: Why, where are you going?	no

 Gunther: I don&
 Rachel: Hi!	no

 Ross: You&
 Rachel: Yeah. Y&
 Ross: Wh-why?! Why-why-why would it, why would it be weird?	no

 Rachel: Well, because of us! Because of our history.	no

 Ross: No!	no

 Rachel: No?	no

 Ross: No! No! It would be weird if we were still in that place, I mean are you still in that place?	no

 Rachel: No! Not at all!	no

 Rachel: Okay, but Ross, eventually you and I are gonna be dating.	no

 Ross: Really?! We are?	no

 Rachel: Yeah! I&
 Ross: Ohh! That would be great.	no

 Monica: That&
 Ross: No, I-I-I&
 Monica: Ross, you were right before, it was just a stupid fight about a room.	no

 Chandler: Yeah, I'm not so worried.	no

 Monica: Yeah, no, me neither.	no

 Monica: You still want to move in together right?	no

 Monica: Ross didn&
 Monica: Come here, I want to show you something!	no

 Monica: This is where I thought the barca lounger could go! You see you could see the TV and it&
 Chandler: Oh that&
 Monica: Uh-hmm.	no

 Chandler: Y&
 Monica: Oh my God! I love that!	no

 Monica: Uh, no!!	no

 Phoebe: (singing) I found you in my bed! &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; How&
 Ross: (To Rachel) So umm, where are the other guys?	no

 Rachel: Umm, well let&
 Ross: Fighting?!	no

 Rachel: No, the other thing. I really think it&
 Ross: Yeah. There&
 Ross: Sure! Here. (Hands her his keys.)	no

 Joey: Umm, listen, Ross do you really think this moving in with Rachel is a good idea?	no

 Ross: Yeah, well, m-maybe you&
 Joey: I am telling you Ross, she is definitely gonna fall in love with you again! Now, is that what you want?	no

 Ross: Is that what I want?	no

 Phoebe: (on the microphone, accidentally) Yes. (Rachel enters.)	no

 Joey: Here she comes. Hold on, I&
 Joey: Or not. Uh, Rach, why don&
 Ross: Whoa! Whoa! Whoa, Joey!	no

 Rachel: Well, it would be easier to move just right across the hall. Wait a minute, unless you&
 Joey: (opening the door to The Potential Roommate) Hi! The Potential Roommate: Hi!	no

 Joey: Come in. Thanks for comin&
 Joey: Okay! Here we go. Pillow. The Potential Roommate: Fight.	no

 Joey: Ooh, sorry! No-no-no, so close though, but&
 Rachel: So, which of this kitchen stuff is mine?	no

 Monica: This bottle opener. (She grabs it off of the freezer door.)	no

 Rachel: And?	no

 Monica: And it&
 Rachel: Look at that!	no

 Rachel: What?!	no

 Phoebe: Ross, I know what you&
 Ross: What?	no

 Phoebe: That she&
 Ross: Oh&
 Phoebe: What?!!	no

 Phoebe: No! (Ross&
 Rachel: No-no, I bought those.	no

 Monica: Ohh! Yeah, I forgot.	no

 Rachel: Yeah. (Rachel walks away.)	no

 Monica: Wow! Uh what, did he uh, say?	no

 Ross: Well remember that paper I had published last year on sediment flow rate, huh? They loved it.	no

 Phoebe: Yeah, Professor and Mrs.	no

 Rachel: And Mrs.?!	no

 Phoebe: Oh! Yeah, y&
 Rachel: What?!!	no

 Phoebe: Just kidding!	no

 Rachel: Ohh! Oh God! (Laughs her way into the living room.)	no

 Chandler: Hey!	no

 Phoebe: Hi.	no

 Monica: Hey!	no

 Phoebe: Well, you know that psychic I see?	no

 Chandler: Yeah?	no

 Phoebe: Well, she told me that I&
 Phoebe: Yeah, and I know you guys don&
 Monica: Phoebe that&
 Rachel: Yeah honey you don&
 Phoebe: I don&
 Ross: (entering) Hey everyone!	no

 Chandler: Oh hi!	no

 Ross: (continuing) &quot;&
 Joey: (interrupting him) Uh Ross! Are there uh, are there naked chicks on that piece of paper?	no

 Ross: No! Why?	no

 Chandler: Why don&
 Ross: (gets up) Okay!	no

 Rachel: Some uh, some visual aides.	no

 Joey: Oh-ooh-ooh! Y&
 Ross: Please don&
 Joey: Why not?!	no

 Ross: I-I-I don&
 Chandler: Hey.	no

 Joey: Hey! Any good mail?	no

 Chandler: Yes, you got something from the Screen Actor&
 Joey: Ooh, it&
 Joey: Let me see that!	no

 Chandler: All right.	no

 Phoebe: Hey!	no

 Rachel: Hey Pheebs, you&
 Rachel: Pheebs, what-what are you doing?	no

 Phoebe: I was preparing you for my&
 Phoebe: Yeah, thanks. And listen, can you do me a favor? Could you just umm, wake me up in a couple hours, y&
 Rachel: Monica!	no

 Monica: Hmm? (Rachel holds up the candlesticks.)	no

 Rachel: Did-did you take these back?	no

 Monica: No-no, I-I just, I liked them so much that I went out and bought some for myself.	no

 Monica: I loved them!	no

 Ross: (entering) Hello!	no

 Monica: Hey!	no

 Rachel: Hey!	no

 Monica: How&
 Ross: It went great! And I didn&
 Rachel: Wow, that&
 Ross: That&
 Joey: (entering) Hey Estelle, listen&
 Estelle: Oh well, no harm, no foul.	no

 Estelle: All right, first thing we gotta do, damage control.	no

 Estelle: Well, I think uhh, someone out there may have been bad mouthing you all over town.	no

 Chandler: Hey!	no

 Joey: What?!	no

 Chandler: That&
 Monica: Yeah, but y&
 Monica: What the hell are you doing?!	no

 Rachel: Yeah, and not a very good one.	no

 Ross: Oh. The Professor: Do you have a moment to talk about your lecture?	no

 Ross: Just please stop! (They turn back to Rachel and Professor Rathman.)	no

 Chandler: Hey, will you grab me a cruller? (Joey starts to groan and get up.) Sit down! Will you go to the hospital?!	no

 Phoebe: Hey!	no

 Chandler: Hey.	no

 Joey: Hey!	no

 Phoebe: What&
 Joey: Look, I&
 Phoebe: Hey! Maybe you&
 Joey: Yeah, but I don&
 Monica: Gimme &
 Rachel: No! They are mine!	no

 Monica: You stole them from me!	no

 Rachel: You stole them from me!!	no

 Monica: You just wanna each take one?	no

 Ross: (entering) Look, I really need some help, okay? Why? Why did I have to speak in a British accent?! What do I do?	no

 Rachel: Well&
 Ross: They&
 Ross: Monica you really think I should try this phasing out thing?	no

 Monica: I think you look fine.	no

 [Scene: Casting Director 
 Joey: Exactly. Casting Director 
 Joey: Or, I could just point to it! Huh? Blah, blah, blah, Purina One, point to a bag today. (She just looks at him.) I didn&
 Joey: Yeah, okay. (Leaves)	no

 Joey: Yes!	no

 Monica: Okay, come on, do it one more time!	no

 Rachel: Really? Really?!	no

 Monica: Yes!	no

 Phoebe: (entering) Hey!	no

 Rachel: Hey!	no

 Phoebe: Listen to this! My reading was wrong, I&
 Rachel: Really?! How do you know?	no

 Rachel: Oh, I&
 Phoebe: Eh, better her than me! Hey, let&
 Chandler: Listen, I&
 Chandler: But are you sure you can do this?	no

 Joey: &quot;Take could care of your Momma son.&quot; (Alex just looks at him and the director motions for him to continue so he tries it again.) &quot;Take could care of your Momma son.&quot; (Alex does nothing.) &quot;Come on son! Your Momma&
 Alex: Okay. The Director: All right, from the top. A Crew Member: Scene 5, take 2. [Time lapse.] A Crew Member: Take 36 is up! The Director: All right! Let&
 Rachel: Uh no, he&
 Russell: Yes, this Russell, Ross&
 Rachel: Ross got married again&
 Rachel: Ross!! Are you crazy?! I am still your wife!! What, were you just never gonna tell me?!! What the hell is wrong with you?!!!! Ugh, I could just kill you!!!!	no

 Phoebe: Have you really done this before?	no

 Phoebe: Hey!	no

 Joey: Hey-hey-hey!	no

 Chandler: What are you doing?	no

 Rachel: I cannot believe that you didn&
 Ross: Look I was going to tell you!	no

 Chandler: What?	no

 Phoebe: (overdoing it) Oh my God!!	no

 Monica: Ross!	no

 Phoebe: Okay, this is inexcusable. I am shocked to my very core!	no

 Ross: Phoebe, I told her you already knew.	no

 Phoebe: Another lie. You have a sickness!	no

 Joey: Oh! Hey, somebody left their keys. (Looks at them) Ooohh, to a Porsche! {Transcriber&
 Monica: Joey, why don&
 Joey: Great! Thanks. (Exits.)	no

 Phoebe: (coming in from the bathroom) Oh, good, good, you guys are here! Listen, how would like to spend tomorrow taking care of three incredibly cute little puppies?!	no

 Monica: Oh my God, what a fun day! That sounds great!	no

 Chandler: Whoa-whoa-whoa! What?	no

 Monica: Don&
 Joey: Yeah, it&
 Woman: (walking up) I love your car.	no

 Joey: Yeah, it&
 Woman: I bet it&
 Woman: Yeah!	no

 Phoebe: What about me? I just found out that Denise is leaving town for a while, I don&
 Rachel: Well, maybe-maybe I could be your roommate Pheebs.	no

 Phoebe: Maybe you could be my roommate!	no

 Rachel: Well there&
 Phoebe: Yeah!	no

 Phoebe: Umm, she said she&
 Ross: Okay Rach, but&
 Rachel: Ross! Y&
 Ross: Look I told you&
 Rachel: I don&
 Ross: Look, if you&
 Rachel: Ugh! (Stares at him.)	no

 Monica: Pheebs, how&
 Phoebe: (rapidly) I&
 Monica: What do you mean?	no

 Joey: (entering) Hey guys!	no

 Chandler: Hey!	no

 Phoebe: Hey!	no

 Joey: Hey babies! Oh, I&
 Chandler: What equity investments?	no

 Monica: I know. But umm, one time there was this really dirty car in front of the building, so I washed it.	no

 Chandler: And?	no

 Monica: And six others.	no

 Joey: And that&
 Joey: Sure! Guy 
 Monica: Chandler, what are you doing? That thing can put someone&
 Chandler: He can do more than that! He can destroy the universe!	no

 Phoebe: What?!	no

 Phoebe: Oh, look at little Leslie stretching in her sleep.	no

 Phoebe: Oh, I can still do that.	no

 Phoebe: How did that happen?!!	no

 Judge: So based on your petition you are seeking an annulment on the grounds that Mr. Geller is mentally unstable.	no

 Ross: Fine, I&
 Judge: And based on the fact that Mr. Geller is intravenous drug user.	no

 Ross: What?!	no

 Rachel: Uh yes, heroin and crack.	no

 Ross: Oh, come on!	no

 Ross: Okay, I&
 Judge: That won&
 Ross: And when we were dating we consummated like bunnies!	no

 Rachel: Ugh!	no

 Judge: Now if you were two involved in a serious relationship, that really creates a problem.	no

 Rachel: All right look lady here is the deal, I came here for an annulment and I am not leaving here until I get one!	no

 Ross: Yeah!	no

 Joey: No. No, I just uh, I just loved the way it feels when everybody thinks I own a Porsche.	no

 Joey: Oh, I&
 Monica: Joey, you know you don&
 Joey: Come on! What are you doing?! I&
 Chandler: Ahh, I think it just moved. It&
 Monica: All right, that&
 Phoebe: What?! No, you can&
 Phoebe: I&
 Rachel: This is totally your fault!	no

 Joey: Hi! How are the Gellers?	no

 Rachel: Don&
 Joey: Hey! It&
 Chandler: (entering) Hey!	no

 Phoebe: (exhausted) How do you feel?	no

 Monica: Oh my God.	no

 Monica: Phoebe, what, what happened here?!	no

 Phoebe: I did it! I took care of the babies all by myself!	no

 Monica: But my apartment!	no

 Ross: Y&
 Rachel: Oh, name one stupid thing that is as stupid as this one!	no

 Ross: Okay, how about you flew to London to stop my wedding! Ah, how about you told me you loved me after I was already married!	no

 Ross: Yeah! Right! (Pause.)	no

 Rachel: Nothing. (Sits down.)	no

 Ross: Okay, can we just sign please?	no

 Rachel: Okay Ross, we&
 Ross: What?	no

 Rachel: Well, y&
 Ross: Excuse me?	no

 Rachel: Well, remember how we were too drunk to remember anything the night we were married?	no

 Ross: Yeah?	no

 Ross: So then if-if&
 Rachel: Yeah, don&
 Ross: I&
 Rachel: No, it was on the house, it was, it was a newlywed special.	no

 Rachel: Hey, thanks Ross, for taking care of all of this.	no

 Ross: Eh, no problem. (They hug.)	no

 Ross: Totally. (Exits.) Ending Credits	no

 Joey: Hey! Hey! Be careful around my Porsche!	no

 Joey: And that&
 Joey: Ahhh.	no

 Chandler: Okay, here is the phone bill. (Hands it to Joey.)	no

 Joey: (looking at it) Oh my God!!	no

 Joey: No! Forget it! Okay&
 Phoebe: So is Joey going to have to give up the apartment?	no

 Phoebe: Well, how much do you think he needs?	no

 Monica: (entering from her room) Hey!	no

 Chandler: Hey! Wow! You look great! Wanna move in with me tomorrow?	no

 Monica: (thinks) Okay.	no

 Phoebe: And also, my birthday.	no

 Monica: It&
 Joey: Hey!	no

 Ross: Hey!	no

 Chandler: Hey!	no

 Ross: I did give up a career in basketball to become a paleontologist!	no

 Rachel: (entering from her room) Pheebs, I was wondering&
 Phoebe: Oh my God! Monica&
 Rachel: Yeah, yeah, I know.	no

 Rachel: Surprise!!	no

 Monica: What?	no

 Phoebe: That&
 Phoebe: Okay.	no

 Phoebe: Hurry! Monica&
 Monica: I thought you said you were going to do nothing.	no

 Monica: Okay fine, now Ross&
 Ross: Oh, but-but I can&
 Monica: Why not?	no

 Joey: (quietly) I&
 Ross: Because, because I&
 Chandler: He&
 Monica: Is he really coming? Because I can see right into your apartment!	no

 Ross: Of course he is! What, do you think I&
 Monica: All right, sorry. (Goes back to Rachel&
 Ross: (to the guys) I gotta go make a fake Ben.	no

 Joey: What, are you crazy? You haven&
 Joey: Okay, you&
 Rachel: Ohhhhhh, look it&
 Rachel: You remember when we got these?	no

 Monica: No.	no

 Rachel: I guess you weren&
 Phoebe: You guys, we said we were gonna have fun! Come on, hey, remember the time&
 Rachel: I&
 Monica: I&
 Phoebe: Well, this doesn&
 Monica: I don&
 Phoebe: Come on, there&
 Rachel: I have one.	no

 Phoebe: Good! Great! You can go first.	no

 Phoebe: Good that&
 Monica: Aw, sometimes. Always, actually.	no

 Phoebe: Okay, good. There you go. Doesn&
 Monica: Not just the phone pen. I never get my messages.	no

 Rachel: You get your messages!	no

 Phoebe: Great! It worked! No one&
 Joey: You serious?	no

 Joey: Okay, get ready to owe me!	no

 Chandler: Okay.	no

 Chandler: No! No! No! No&
 Monica: Hello? (Listens) Oh, hi Ross! (To Rachel) See? Other people call me!	no

 Monica: (on phone) What&
 Ross: Oh, I&
 Monica: Oh, put him on!	no

 Phoebe: Yeah, I think it was better when you guys were sad. Hey, uh, remember the roller blades?	no

 Phoebe: Hey! I call her!	no

 Phoebe: Yeah, we should get a move on if we wanna make those dinner reservations. (Phoebe dumps a drawer full of makeup into a box.) Commercial Break	no

 Chandler: Well, there are other ways of winning back your money, how about a little uh, a little Blackjack? (Holds up a deck of cards.)	no

 Joey: Nah, not my game.	no

 Chandler: Okay, uh, how about, how about&
 Joey: Well, what&
 Chandler: I&
 Joey: All right.	no

 Joey: A two and a five.	no

 Joey: Really?!	no

 Joey: A four and a nine.	no

 Chandler: You&
 Joey: No. Why?	no

 Monica: I&
 Phoebe: Well, one of you has to take the first step! And it should be you, because she&
 Monica: Well, maybe you&
 Phoebe: I know, I took it hard too. (Monica goes into Rachel&
 Monica: Listen Rachel, I feel really bad about&
 Rachel: I&
 Monica: What?!	no

 Rachel: Hey, y&
 Monica: Because it&
 Rachel: Well it&
 Rachel: Look! This is ridiculous. We should be packing you!! (She knocks over Monica, grabs a box, and runs into the kitchen.)	no

 Phoebe: Hey, how are you guys doing?	no

 Rachel: Great! Monica&
 Monica: (entering) I am not!	no

 Phoebe: Then keep running. (They resume the chase.)	no

 Chandler: You win.	no

 Joey: Well, what did you have?	no

 Chandler: It doesn&
 Joey: Uh, (counts the money) wow, 700.	no

 Joey: Yeah.	no

 Joey: What?	no

 Joey: Really?	no

 Phoebe: Hey you guys, I don&
 Rachel: Well, Phoebe that&
 Monica: Whoa-whoa-whoa, Phoebe you gotta take her! Y&
 Monica: She lets you borrow them.	no

 Phoebe: What else?	no

 Rachel: Yeah, I do. I-I do, do that.	no

 Phoebe: That&
 Rachel: Well y&
 Phoebe: Okay Rachel, I can&
 Rachel: But honey, I think she&
 Phoebe: Oh that&
 Joey: Hey!	no

 Chandler: What&
 Chandler: I can&
 Joey: It&
 Joey: Wait a second, I see what you&
 Chandler: When did I try to give you money?	no

 Chandler: I&
 Joey: I will be okay! Look Chandler, you gotta get it out of your head that I can&
 Monica: Hey. Call me when you get there. Okay?	no

 Rachel: Okay.	no

 Monica: I&
 Monica: Thanks.	no

 Rachel: Yeah. (Silence ensues.)	no

 Rachel: Oh God! This is silly, I&
 Monica: Yeah.	no

 Rachel: Bye house! (They break the embrace.)	no

 Rachel: Bye Mon.	no

 Chandler: (entering) Hey.	no

 Monica: She really left.	no

 Chandler: I know. (He kisses her.)	no

 Monica: Thank you.	no

 Monica: Can I ask you a question?	no

 Chandler: Sure!	no

 Ross: And now you want that money back.	no

 Chandler: Exactly.	no

 Ross: Chandler, what kind of an idiot do you take me for? (As he picks up the fake Ben.)	no

 Chandler: It&
 Ross: No.	no

 Phoebe: Ready?	no

 Rachel: Yeah.	no

 Phoebe: Okay.	no

 Rachel: Hi...	no

 Phoebe: it's...	no

 Rachel: Rachel...	no

 Phoebe: and&
 Rachel: Phoebe&
 Phoebe: please...	no

 Rachel: leave...	no

 Phoebe: leave&
 Rachel: Wait, I-I just said &quot;leave.&quot;	no

 Phoebe: All right, so let's switch.	no

 Phoebe: Okay.	no

 Rachel: Okay.	no

 Phoebe: Hi&
 Rachel: Everybody&
 Phoebe: It's&
 Rachel: Rachel&
 Phoebe: and&
 Rachel: Phoebe&
 Phoebe: Please...wait, how did you do that?	no

 Phoebe: Oh, you're no ordinary roommate are you?	no

 Phoebe: Really?	no

 Rachel: Yeah, it'll be fun. We'll run in the park. It'll be like our first y&
 Phoebe: Okay, let's go running!	no

 Rachel: Yeah and there's really cute guys there.	no

 Phoebe: Let's run towards them!	no

 Rachel: OK!	no

 Phoebe: All right, wait just one more second. Hi, it's Phoebe and Rachel's. Please leave a message, thanks!	no

 Monica: Hey! Ross and Chandler: Hey!	no

 Joey: Hey everybody! Uh, I'd like you to meet Janine. She's-she's gonna be my new roommate!	no

 Janine: Hi.	no

 Janine: Hi	no

 Joey: Yeah, she's gonna live with me!	no

 Janine: Lecroix. Janine Lecroix	no

 Joey: I didn't know that! Well, what a pretty last name!	no

 Chandler: So, uh, wh-where ya from?	no

 Janine: Australia, I just moved here a couple of weeks ago.	no

 Joey: (shocked) From the land down under? I didn't know that either!	no

 Janine: Well, I think I'll go and unpack.	no

 Joey: Of course I did.	no

 Joey: &quot;When can you move in?&quot;	no

 Ross: Thank you for bringing her into our lives.	no

 Chandler: Unbelievable	no

 Monica: Oh, so you like her too Chandler?	no

 Joey: Ugh, I cannot wait to ask her out!	no

 Monica: Wait a minute...Joey. Joey you can't ask her out, she's your roommate. It-it'll be way too complicated.	no

 Ross: Yeah, yeah man don't do it. I mean if you date her, then-then-then I can't date her.	no

 Chandler: All right, think about it. Now remember when you were going out with that girl Donna and you guys broke up. Remember how horrible it was when you guys bumped into each other at the supermarket?	no

 Joey: Oh God, yeah.	no

 Joey: (happily) Okay!	no

 Chandler: No-no	no

 Joey: Oh, Oh, you're right! I don't want that. I can't date her!	no

 Joey: Well, that's gonna be tough Mon. I mean it's hard for me to be around an attractive woman and not flirt.	no

 Phoebe: I have to tie my shoe, so you go ahead, I'll catch up.	no

 Rachel: Okay. (Runs off.)	no

 Rachel: Oh! I used to do that too!	no

 Rachel: Aw, Mon...(Kisses her on the cheek)	no

 Monica: So, Phoebe runs weird huh?	no

 Rachel: Yeah, yeah and you know what, I know she's gonna wanna run again, I just don't know how to get out of it, I mean, I live with her.	no

 Monica: Why don't you just be straight with her? Tell her the truth.	no

 Ross: Yeah.	no

 Rachel: You're right, you're right. I should just tell her the truth. [Phoebe enters]	no

 Phoebe: Hey!	no

 Ross: Hey!	no

 Rachel: Pheebs, Monica tripped me, I don't think I can ever run again, ever!	no

 Phoebe: Why? Why would you do that?	no

 Monica: I don't know. Rachel I'm-I'm sorry that I hurt your ankles.	no

 Monica: We'll see.	no

 Joey: (jumps out of the box) I Gotcha!!	no

 Joey: Boy, it was so hard not to laugh, I tell ya. Hey, hey, the place looks great!	no

 Chandler: Yeah, now how's that going though? Are you okay with the not-flirting thing?	no

 Janine: Sorry, there's just more room out here.	no

 Janine: (touches his waist) Why don't you try to do-	no

 Joey: (jumps up and yells)	no

 Janine: What's wrong?	no

 Janine: Oh, sorry about that stuff hanging in there. It's just my thongs are too delicate for the dryer. (Joey laughs nervously and goes to his bedroom.) [Scene, The Park, Rachel is running and Phoebe is hiding behind a tree.]	no

 Phoebe: Please Rachel, I am not an idiot. (Runs off)	no

 Rachel: No, wait Phoebe. [Scene, Monica and Chandler&
 Ross: Did you get Monica's authorization to move all of her stuff?	no

 Ross: Put it back exactly where you found it?	no

 Ross: Whoa, hello, did you just meet Monica?	no

 Chandler: She is gonna recognize that I did a nice thing and-and, appreciate it.	no

 Chandler: I see, I see, y-y-you're trying to freak me out.	no

 Monica: (on phone) Hi!	no

 Chandler: Hey Mon, how's it going?	no

 Chandler: Oh come on, come on, it can't be that bad.	no

 Monica:&nbsp; Well, are you just hanging out with Ross?	no

 Chandler: It's, all good! Okay bye-bye Mon! (To Ross) She's-she's gonna kill me.	no

 Ross: Yeah that-that, doesn't look right.	no

 Ross: Whoa, whoa, but then the back of the couch won't line up with he back of the carpet.	no

 Ross: Whoa, Whoa, Whoa, but then the coffee table won't be centered in the seating area.	no

 Ross: Oh y'know what, girls don't like it when I start talking about science.	no

 Joey: This is great, this is great, what else, what else?	no

 Ross: Uh, they don't like it when you correct their grammar.	no

 Chandler: Man, I'm so lucky I have Monica.	no

 Rachel: Hey Phoebe, can I talk to you for a second?	no

 Phoebe: Sure	no

 Phoebe: So, what should you have done?	no

 Rachel: Well, I-I should've told you the truth.	no

 Phoebe: Uh-Huh, Which is...?	no

 Rachel: Well, y'know, the reason I didn't wanna go running with you is because um, well y'know the way that you run is a little...(Starts flapping her arms)	no

 Phoebe: So?	no

 Rachel: Well, it's embarrassing. People were looking at us like we were crazy.	no

 Phoebe: Why do you care?	no

 Rachel: Because they're people.	no

 Phoebe: But people that you don't know and will never see again.	no

 Chandler: Okay, is this lamp in the same place?	no

 Ross: Who cares? I repel women. [Monica tries to come in]	no

 Monica: What?!	no

 Ross: (whispers) What?!	no

 Monica: Why is Ross naked?	no

 Ross: I-I had to show Chandler something?	no

 Monica: Naked?	no

 Ross: Yeah-yeah I uh, I have a uh, a guy problem.	no

 Monica: Is it the same thing that Chandler had?	no

 Chandler: Look, uh, just come later, we'll get everything squared away and you can come back later.	no

 Monica: Okay, listen, there's still some of Chandler's medicine under the sink in the bathroom. Bye!	no

 Ross: Dude, what'd you have?	no

 Ross: So really, what'd ya have?	no

 Joey: Uh, don't you mean &quot;for whom?&quot;	no

 Janine: Is there something wrong?	no

 Janine: Joey...	no

 Janine: Well, I don't think there is anything to do. I mean I think you're really sweet, but I'm just not interested in you like that.	no

 Joey: Oh!	no

 Janine: No! I mean you're a really nice guy and I'm happy to be your roommate and your friend, I'm just y'know, I just don't feel that way about you.	no

 Joey: Oh! I see what happened. It's because I was trying to repel you. Right? Believe me, you'd feel a lot different if I turned it on.	no

 Janine: I don't think so.	no

 Janine: I'm OK	no

 Joey: What?!?!	no

 Janine: What?	no

 Joey: Oh dear God!	no

 Rachel: (Runs into Phoebe.) Hey!	no

 Phoebe: Hey!	no

 Rachel: Oh honey, I'm so sorry, you were right, this feels great!	no

 Rachel: Gone! I mean its amazing Pheebs. I feel so free and so graceful. (Turns and bumps into a mounted policeman and falls) Hey! Look out for the horse! Sorry! (Runs off.)	no

 Monica: Is it okay for me to come in now?	no

 Chandler: Uh-huh	no

 Monica: Why is everything different?	no

 Ross: Bye! (Runs out)	no

 Chandler: No, I don't see anything different other than the fact that the room got so much brighter when you came into it. (Forced laughter)	no

 Monica: It's okay. Chandler, are you afraid of me or something?	no

 Chandler: Do you want me to be afraid of you?	no

 Monica: Of course not. I mean gosh, Chandler what you did, it's, it's a wonderful thing and I really appreciate it. I know I have this weird thing where I want everything to be in the perfect place, but I'd never expect you to worry about that.	no

 Chandler: Really?	no

 Monica: Of course!	no

 Chandler: Oh well you're the best. You come here to me.	no

 Monica: All right, hold on okay? First thing's first. (Gets her cleaning gloves on) Okay, now did Ross sit anywhere while he was naked? Closing Credits	no

 Ross: That's so Janine, you-you-you know what, do you know we're doing right now? You and I, we're interfacing.	no

 Janine: Yeah, I gotta go.	no

 [Scene: Joey and Janine&
 Joey: Hey.	no

 Joey: Sure, neighbor come on in.	no

 Chandler: So, is Janine around?	no

 Joey: Uh, no, she&
 Chandler: Can I check out what she did to my room?	no

 Joey: (Looking around the room.) It is???	no

 Joey: No.	no

 Joey: No.	no

 Chandler: No! Ok, this is not good. You are a guy. Ok? This is a guys place. If you let this go, you&
 Joey: (With Big Eyes.) All right, you&
 Chandler: Yes talk to her. Be a man.	no

 Joey: I&
 Chandler: Defend yourself.	no

 Monica: Chandler come on. We have to hem the new dust ruffle.	no

 Chandler: Be right there sweetums. (Monica leaves. To Joey.) A totally different situation. Opening Credits	no

 Monica: Hey guys.	no

 Monica: It was okay. She&
 Monica: Yeah.	no

 Ross: The one that always stares at me when I come in?	no

 Ross: Still I could tell. She was into me. (Joey rolls his eyes.) Well, why don&
 Rachel: Hey.	no

 Phoebe: Rachel?	no

 Rachel: Yeah.	no

 Phoebe: Oh my God. What happened?	no

 Monica: I don&
 Joey: Or maybe, it&
 Monica: We should go.	no

 Phoebe: Thank you.	no

 Rachel: Sure.	no

 Rachel: What? What!?! You kissed him?	no

 Phoebe: Totally.	no

 Rachel: (Gasps) Phoebe are you serious?	no

 Rachel: Phoebe, I mean, you do know he&
 Phoebe: No!	no

 Rachel: Phoebe&
 Janine: Hey Joey.	no

 Joey: Hey. Uh, can I talk to you for a second? This, uh, kid in this picture. Do you, uh, know this kid? Is that like a relative or something?	no

 Janine: No, I just thought it was cute.	no

 Joey: Yeah, that&
 Janine: Ohh. Like what?	no

 Joey: Like this. (pointing to the picture) Pictures of cute babies we don&
 Joey: Yeah but it&
 Janine: Well I just thought&
 Joey: Yeah, well, it feels different.	no

 Janine: No no no no, it&
 Kim: Uhh-huh.	no

 Kim: I didn&
 Kim: Yeah.	no

 Kim: Tell me everything. [Scene; Central Perk, Monica and Chandler are on the couch. Ross walks in.]	no

 Ross: Hey guys. Chandler and Monica: Hey.	no

 Chandler: You know&
 Ross: I whitened them.	no

 Ross: Yeah. What do you think.	no

 Ross: Come on, seriously.	no

 Monica: Ross they&
 Monica: How much longer?	no

 Ross: A-A day.	no

 Monica: Ross you know that tonight is your date with Hillary?	no

 Chandler: Yeah. (Rachel walks in.)	no

 Ross: Oh, hey, hey Rach, do you notice anything..ahh&
 Monica: Oh my god.	no

 Rachel: What?	no

 Phoebe: What?	no

 Rachel: To get you to make out with him!!!	no

 Phoebe: Ohhh.	no

 Ross: I don&
 Monica: I&
 Monica: Ross this is the only thing left that has a shot at working.	no

 Ross: But, won&
 Monica: Please. Half the guys out there have makeup on.	no

 Ross: What??	no

 Ross: No. I am not putting on makeup. (Knock at the door. Phoebe enters.)	no

 Monica: Now are drawers will smell nice and we didn&
 Monica: Wait, we&
 Monica: You know what? This has been kind of a girlie day. You&
 Chandler: Nah, Nah, it&
 Joey: Hey Chandler. Come on in. We&
 Rachel: Ohh, hi, Kim.	no

 Kim: Hi Rachel.	no

 Kim: That&
 Kim: Yeah, nothing happen. You could cut the sexual tension in here with a knife.	no

 Hillary: And after that, what could I do except become a chef.	no

 Ross: Mmm-Hmm.	no

 Ross: Mmm.	no

 Hillary: You know, you&
 Hillary: After a while it&
 Ross: (Chuckling) Hmm-Hmm.	no

 Ross: Mmm-Unmm.	no

 Hillary: Come on. I want to know.	no

 Monica: Oh my God, Joey, that is such a great tip.	no

 Chandler: What is the matter with you ?!?	no

 Joey: What?	no

 Joey: No I&
 Rachel: Now, she thinks that I made out with him and I did it to get her job.	no

 Phoebe: But why didn&
 Rachel: You were with Kenny today, weren&
 Phoebe: Just for a second.	no

 Rachel: Ohh, Phoebe, what am I going to do?	no

 Phoebe: Ohh, sleep with Kenny.	no

 Rachel: That wouldn&
 Phoebe: Ohh, yes it would.	no

 Hillary: I&
 Ross: Mmm.	no

 Hillary: Are you going to eat that bread?	no

 Hillary: (Laughing) You make me laugh.	no

 Ross: Hmm-Hmm.	no

 Hillary: Would you like to move over to the couch?	no

 Hillary: Maybe I&
 Ross: Ohh, you can see them, huh?	no

 Hillary: Yes. They&
 Ross: I-I, did that for you.	no

 Hillary: What&
 Rachel: Kim, hi.	no

 Kim: Oh, really?	no

 Kim: Oh my God. He just gave you the coldest look I have ever seen. It&
 Kim: Ohh honey come here. (Hugging Rachel.) Ohh it will be ok. We&
 Janine: Hey.	no

 Joey: Hey, uhh, I need to talk to you.	no

 Joey: I&
 Janine: Well, if that&
 Joey: Great&
 Janine: Okay.	no

 Joey: And, uhh, maybe the watering can there.	no

 Janine: Sure.	no

 Janine: Joey? Do you want me to put it all in your room?	no

 Joey: (Smiling) Okay. End	no

 Shelley: Hey gorgeous, how's it going?	no

 Chandler: Yes please.	no

 Shelley: Okay. He's cute, he's funny, he's-	no

 Chandler: ...Couldn't enjoy a cup of noodles after that. I mean, is that ridiculous? Can you believe she actually thought that?	no

 Chandler: Huh. Did, uh... any of the rest of you guys think that when you first met me?	no

 Monica: I did.	no

 Phoebe: Yeah, I think so, yeah.	no

 Joey: Not me.	no

 Ross: Nono, me neither. Although, uh, y'know, back in college, Susan Sallidor did.	no

 Ross: No. No, it's just 'cause, uh, I kinda wanted to go out with her too, so I told her, actually, you were seeing Bernie Spellman... who also liked her, so... (Joey congratulates Ross, sees Chandler's look and abruptly stops.)	no

 All: Yeah! Right!	no

 Chandler: WHAT IS IT?!	no

 Monica: Okay, I-I d'know, you-you just- you have a quality.	no

 All: Yes. Absolutely. A quality.	no

 Monica: Hey dad, what's up? (Listens) Oh God. Ross, it's Nana.	no

 Ross: So, uh, how's she doing? Aunt Lillian: The doctor says it's a matter of hours.	no

 Monica: How-how are you, Mom? Mrs. Geller: Me? I'm fine, fine. I'm glad you're here. ...What's with your hair?	no

 Monica: What? Mrs. Geller: What's different?	no

 Monica: Oh God! (They hug.) [Cut to the hospital, later. Everyone is talking about Nana.]	no

 Ross: She looks so small.	no

 Monica: I know.	no

 Monica: G'bye, Nana. (She kisses her on the forehead.)	no

 Ross: She's not- past, she's present, she's back. Aunt Lillian: (reentering) What's going on? Mr. Geller: She may have died. Aunt Lillian: She may have died? Mr. Geller: We're looking into it. (Monica returns with the nurse and they go into Nana's room.)	no

 Ross: I, uh, I'll go see. (He goes in)	no

 Chandler: I just have to know, okay. Is it my hair?	no

 Rachel: So, um, did she...	no

 Ross: Twice.	no

 Joey: Twice?	no

 Phoebe: Oh, that sucks!	no

 Joey: You guys okay?	no

 Ross: I dunno, it's weird. I mean, I know she's gone, but I just don't feel, uh...	no

 Phoebe: Maybe that's 'cause she's not really gone.	no

 Ross: Nono, she's gone.	no

 Rachel: Aw. Hey, Pheebs, want this? (Gives her a pencil)	no

 Phoebe: Thanks!	no

 Rachel: Sure. I just sharpened her this morning.	no

 Phoebe: Y'know, I dunno who this is, but it's not Debbie. (Hands back the pencil)	no

 Ross: Here's my retainer!	no

 [Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica is talking to her father.] Mr. Geller: I was just thinking. When my time comes-	no

 Monica: Dad! Mr. Geller: Listen to me! When my time comes, I wanna be buried at sea.	no

 Monica: You what? Mr. Geller: I wanna be buried at sea, it looks like fun.	no

 Monica: Define fun. Mr. Geller: C'mon, you'll make a day of it! You'll rent a boat, pack a lunch...	no

 Chandler: Hey, gorgeous.	no

 Chandler: No, nono, don't- don't worry about it. Believe me, apparently other people have made the same mistake.	no

 Shelley: Oh! Okay! Phew!	no

 Chandler: So, uh... what do you think it is about me?	no

 Shelley: I dunno, uh... you just have a-a...	no

 Chandler: ...Quality, right, great.	no

 Shelley: What? He's cute!	no

 Chandler: Well, yeah... 's'no Brian in Payroll.	no

 Shelley: Is Brian...?	no

 Chandler: No! Uh, I d'know! The point is, if you were gonna set me up with someone, I'd like to think you'd set me up with someone like him.	no

 Chandler: Excuse me? You don't think I could get a Brian? Because I could get a Brian. Believe you me. ...I'm really not.	no

 Ross: Oh! A fine choice. I'm coming out. (Starts to climb over the furniture) Aunt Lillian: Wait! We need shoes! (Ross falls back inside)	no

 Ross: Oh my God.. Mrs. Geller: Is everything all right, dear?	no

 Ross: (entering) How we doing, you guys ready?	no

 Phoebe: (entering) Hi, sorry I'm late, I couldn't find my bearings.	no

 Phoebe: What'd I say?	no

 Monica: Are these the shoes?	no

 Joey: (entering with Chandler) Morning. We ready to go?	no

 Joey: What?	no

 Rachel: Oh no! My new Paolo shoes!	no

 Ross: Oh, I hope they're not ruined.	no

 All: God! Ross!	no

 Ross: What, what is it?	no

 Ross: Oh! No-n-	no

 Chandler: Oh, no-	no

 Andrea: Sorry- Hi, I'm Dorothy's daughter.	no

 Phoebe: Hey, look who's up! How do you feel?	no

 Ross: I feel great. I feel- great, I fleel great.	no

 Monica: Wow, those pills really worked, huh?	no

 Phoebe: Ooh! That's so nice...	no

 Ross: ...Chandler!	no

 Chandler: Hey.	no

 Rachel: (humouring him) Oh, well you know who I love the most?	no

 Ross: No.	no

 Rachel: You!	no

 Monica: Do you think things would have been better if you'd just told her the truth? Mrs. Geller: ...No. I think some things are better left unsaid. I think it's nicer when people just get along.	no

 Rachel: Hey, who's this little naked guy?	no

 Ross: That little naked guy would be me.	no

 Rachel: Aww, look at the little thing.	no

 Ross: Yes, yes, fine, that is my penis. Can we be grown-ups now?	no

 Ross: Got me.	no

 Monica: Oh, that's Nana, right there in the middle. (Reads the back) 'Me and the gang at Java Joe's'.	no

 Rachel: Wow, Monica, you look just like your grandmother. How old was she there?	no

 Joey: Ooh, look-look-look-look-look! I got Monica naked!	no

 Ross: (looking) Nono, that would be me again. I'm, uh, just trying something. Closing Credits	no

 Chandler: Hey, Lowell.	no

 Lowell: Hey, Chandler.	no

 Lowell: I know. That's what I told her.	no

 Chandler: Really.	no

 Lowell: Yeah.	no

 Chandler: So- you can tell?	no

 Lowell: Pretty much, most of the time. We have a kind of... radar.	no

 Chandler: So you don't think I have a, a quality?	no

 Lowell: Speaking for my people, I'd have to say no. By the way, your friend Brian from Payroll, he is.	no

 Chandler: He is?	no

 Lowell: Yup, and waaay out of your league. (Exits)	no

 Chandler: Out of my league. I could get a Brian. (Brian enters behind him) If I wanted to get a Brian, I could get a Brian. (Sees him) Hey, Brian. End	no

 Terry: An advance?	no

 Guy: Huh?	no

 Monica: Hey. Ross, did you know Mom and Dad are going to Puerto Rico for Thanksgiving?	no

 Ross: No, they're not.	no

 Monica: Yes, they are. The Blymens invited them.	no

 Ross: You're wrong.	no

 Monica: I am not wrong.	no

 Ross: You're wrong.	no

 Monica: No, I just talked to them.	no

 Joey: Hey, hey.	no

 Chandler: Hey.	no

 Phoebe: Hey.	no

 Joey: Yes, I am. As of today, I am officially Joey Tribbiani, actor slash model.	no

 Phoebe: What were you modeling for?	no

 Joey: You know those posters for the city free clinic?	no

 Phoebe: You know, the asthma guy was really cute.	no

 Chandler: Do you know which one you're gonna be?	no

 Joey: No, but I hear lyme disease is open, so... (crosses fingers)	no

 Ross: (to Monica) Well, you were right. How can they do this to us, huh? It's Thanksgiving.	no

 Monica: Ok, I'll tell you what. How about I cook dinner at my place? I'll make it just like Mom's.	no

 Monica: You know, they're not actually supposed to have... (Ross looks at her sheepishly) I'll work on the lumps. Joey, you're going home, right?	no

 Joey: Yeah.	no

 Monica: And I assume, Chandler, you are still boycotting all the pilgrim holidays.	no

 Chandler: Yes, every single one of them.	no

 Monica: Phoebe, you're gonna be with your grandma?	no

 Phoebe: Yeah. Oh, can I come?	no

 Monica: Yeah. Rach, are you thinking you're gonna make it to Vail?	no

 Rachel: Absolutely. Shoop, shoop, shoop. Only a hundred and two dollars to go.	no

 Rachel: Yeah, well it was. I, I broke a cup.	no

 Ross: Well, I'm off to Carol's.	no

 Phoebe: Ooh, ooh! Why don't we invite her?	no

 Ross: Hi, is uh, is Carol here?	no

 Ross: Oh, I uh, just came by to pick up my skull. Well, not mine, but...Susan: Come in.	no

 Susan: What's it look like?	no

 Ross: Kinda like a big face without skin.	no

 Susan: Well, you know, you have to take a course. Otherwise, they don't let you do it.	no

 Ross: (picking up a book) Hey, hey, Yertle the Turtle. A classic.	no

 Susan: Actually, I'm reading it to the baby.	no

 Ross: The uh, the baby that hasn't been born yet? Wouldn't that mean you're... crazy?	no

 Susan: What, you don't think they can hear sounds in there?	no

 Ross: You're not serious, I mean, you really... you really talk to it?	no

 Susan: Yeah, all the time. I want the baby to know my voice.	no

 Ross: Do you uh, do you talk about me?	no

 Susan: Yeah, yeah, all the time.	no

 Ross: Really?	no

 Susan: But um, we just refer to you as Bobo the Sperm Guy.	no

 Ross: Look, if she's talking to it, I just think that I should get some belly time too. Not that I believe any of this.	no

 Chandler: I'd just like to say that I'm totally behind this experiment. In fact, I'd very much like to butter your head. (Rachel enters.)	no

 Monica: Hey, Rach, did you make your money?	no

 Rachel: No, not even close. Forget Vail, forget seeing my family, forget shoop, shoop, shoop.	no

 Monica: Rach, here's your mail.	no

 Rachel: Thanks, you can just put it on the table.	no

 Monica: (insistently) No, here's your mail.	no

 Rachel: Thanks, you can just put it on the table.	no

 Monica: (gives her an envelope) Would you just open it? (Rachel opens it. Inside is the money she needed.)	no

 Rachel: Oh my god, oh, you guys are great.	no

 Monica: We all chipped in.	no

 Joey: (to Monica) We did?	no

 Monica: (to Joey) You owe me 20 bucks.	no

 Rachel: Thank you. Thank you so much!	no

 Ross: Oh, I hate this story.	no

 Rachel: Oh my god.	no

 Joey: Uh, hi. We uh, we used to work together.	no

 Girl: We did?	no

 Joey: Yeah, at Macy's. You were the Obsession girl, right? I was the Aramis guy. (pretends to spray cologne) Aramis? Aramis?	no

 Girl: Yeah, right.	no

 Joey: I gotta tell you. You're the best in the business.	no

 Girl: Get out.	no

 Girl: Really? You don't know what that means to me.	no

 Joey: Ooh, you smell great tonight. What're you wearing?	no

 Joey: Listen, uh, you wanna go get a drink or something?	no

 Girl: Yeah. (she gets up, notices something behind Joey) Oh.	no

 Joey: What's wrong?	no

 Joey: Oh. What?	no

 Joey: So I guess you all saw it.	no

 Rachel: Saw what?	no

 Ross: I don't know. It's just not the same without Mom in the kitchen.	no

 Monica: All right, that's it. You know what? Just get out of my way and stop moping.	no

 Rachel: I got the tickets! I got the tickets! Five hours from now, shoop, shoop, shoop.	no

 Chandler: Oh, you must stop shooping.	no

 Rachel: Ok, I'm gonna get my stuff.	no

 Joey: Chandler, will you just come in already?	no

 Chandler: Ok, we all laughed when you did it with the stuffing, but that's not funny anymore. (Chandler leaves.)	no

 Joey: Hey, Monica, I got a question. I don't see any tater tots.	no

 Monica: Ah!	no

 Ross: Ok, Mom never hit. (Ross exits.)	no

 Phoebe: (stirring pot) Ok, all done.	no

 Phoebe: Oh, I'm sorry, oh, I just, I thought we could have them whipped and then add some peas and onions.	no

 Monica: Why would we do that?	no

 Monica: Ok, three kinds of potatoes coming up.	no

 Chandler: The most unbelievable thing has happened. Underdog has just gotten away.	no

 Joey: The balloon?	no

 Rachel: I can't, I gotta go.	no

 Phoebe: Almost never.	no

 Monica: Got the keys? or Got the keys!	no

 Rachel: Ok. (Everyone leaves the apartment.)	no

 Carol: Just aim for the bump.	no

 Ross: Ok, ok, ok, ok, here goes. You know, I, you know, can't do this. Uh, this is too weird. I feel stupid.	no

 Carol: So don't do it, it's fine. You don't have to do it just because Susan does it.	no

 Rachel: I loved the moment when you first saw the giant dog shadow all over the park.	no

 Phoebe: Yeah, but did they have to shoot him down? I mean, that was just mean.	no

 Monica: Ok, right about now the turkey should be crispy on the outside, juicy on the inside. Why are we standing here?	no

 Rachel: We're waiting for you to open the door. You got the keys.	no

 Monica: No I don't.	no

 Monica: No I didn't. I asked, &quot;got the ke-eys?&quot;	no

 Rachel: No, no, no, you said, &quot;got the keys&quot;.	no

 Chandler: Do either of you have the keys?	no

 Monica: Well then get it, get it!	no

 Monica: (angry) Joey!	no

 Ross: And everyone's telling me, you gotta pick a major, you gotta pick a major. So, on a dare, I picked paleontology. And you have no idea what I'm saying, because, let's face it, you're a fetus. You're just happy you don't have gills anymore.	no

 Ross: Oh, please. I am not singing to your stomach, ok? (Susan enters.)	no

 Susan: Hi, how's it goin?	no

 Carol: I did.	no

 Ross: Does it always, uh--?	no

 Carol: No, no that was the first.	no

 Ross: (singing) Hey, hey, you're my baby, and I can't wait to meet you. When you come out I'll buy you a bagel, and then we'll go to the zoo.	no

 Susan: I felt it!	no

 Monica: Can you go any faster with that?	no

 Monica: Why do you guys have so many keys in there anyway?	no

 Monica: I swear you said you had the keys.	no

 Rachel: No, I didn't. I wouldn't say I had the keys unless I had the keys, and I obviously didn't have the keys.	no

 Phoebe: Ooh, ok, that's it. Enough with the keys. No one say keys. (Short pause.)	no

 Monica: Why would I have the keys?	no

 Monica: But I didn't.	no

 Rachel: Well, you should have.	no

 Monica: Why?	no

 Rachel: Because!	no

 Monica: Why?	no

 Rachel: Because!	no

 Monica: Stop it, stop it, stop it!	no

 Rachel: What?	no

 Joey: I've gotta see this. All right Ugly Naked Guy!	no

 Phoebe: It's nice that he has someone. [Time lapse. The gang is around the table, eating grilled cheese sandwiches.]	no

 Rachel: By all means.	no

 Chandler: Ok, who wants light cheese, and who wants dark cheese?	no

 Ross: I don't even wanna know about the dark cheese.	no

 Monica: (holding sandwich) Does anybody wanna split this with me?	no

 Phoebe: Ooh, you guys have to make a wish.	no

 Monica: Make a wish?	no

 All: Oooh!	no

 Ross: 'That' would be Marcel. You wanna say hi?	no

 Monica: No, no, I don't.	no

 Rachel: Oh, he is precious! Where did you get him?	no

 Ross: My friend Bethel rescued him from some lab.	no

 Monica: Ross, is he gonna live with you, like, in your apartment?	no

 Ross: Yeah. I mean, it's been kinda quiet since Carol left, so...	no

 Monica: Why don't you just get a roommate?	no

 All: Hey, Joey. Hey, buddy.	no

 Joey: Ahhhhhh, I didn't get the job.	no

 Ross: How could you not get it? You were Santa last year.	no

 Monica: So what are you gonna be?	no

 Joey: Ah, I'm gonna be one of his helpers. It's just such a slap in the face, y'know?	no

 Phoebe: Yeah, you wish!	no

 All: Yeah, okay. Alright.	no

 All: Woooo! Yeah!	no

 Rachel: Phoebe, you're on.	no

 Phoebe: Oh, oh, good.	no

 Phoebe: Could you speak up please?	no

 Phoebe: Okay, we're gonna take a short break. (Goes over to their table)	no

 Ross: Come here, Marcel. Sit here. (Marcel wanders off)	no

 Ross: Just a smidge.	no

 Phoebe: David's like, y'know, Scientist Guy. He's very methodical.	no

 Monica: I think it's romantic.	no

 Rachel: Yeah!	no

 Phoebe: Well, he's kinda like the guy I went to see that with. Except, except he-he's smarter, and gentler, and sweeter... I just- I just wanna be with him all the time. Day and night, and night and day... and special occasions...	no

 Phoebe: No, no, no, no, no, no. Yeah, could I just?	no

 Monica: What?!	no

 Ross: C'mon, this was a pact! This was your pact!	no

 Chandler: I snapped, okay? I couldn't handle the pressure and I snapped.	no

 Monica: Yeah, but Janice? That-that was like the worst breakup in history!	no

 Chandler: Aah, y'killing me! (Marcel knocks over some kitchen tools)	no

 Monica: Ross! He's playing with my spatulas again!	no

 Ross: Okay, look, he's not gonna hurt them, right?	no

 Ross: I didn't wanna leave him alone. Alright? We- we had our first fight this morning. I think it has to do with my working late. I said some things that I didn't mean, and he- he threw some faeces...	no

 Chandler: Y'know, if you're gonna work late, I could look in on him for you.	no

 Ross: Oh, that'd be great! Okay, but if you do, make sure it seems like you're there to see him, okay, and you're not like doing it as a favour to me.	no

 Joey: No, the quiet down thing!	no

 Joey: All right, I guess I can hold out a little longer. Let's have a game.	no

 Chandler: No-no-no-no!	no

 Joey: YES!!	no

 Chandler: Okay, so he's out of here.	no

 Joey: Um-hmm. Commercial Break	no

 Joey: (entering) Hey!	no

 Monica: Hey!	no

 Joey: You guys got anything to eat? I just went down to Johnos for some chicken and it was closed!	no

 Phoebe: Oh, I took Larry there to eat but it was all violated. So we shut it down!	no

 Monica: (to Danny) We'll be right there! (To Rachel) Can't you just say it starts later?	no

 Danny: Hey, hi, I need a ladle. You got a ladle?	no

 Phoebe: Hey, guys, you know what Larry would say? He would say, &quot;See you ladle.&quot; (Laughs.)	no

 Ross: I'll take sports.	no

 Joey: Mine! (He grabs it.)	no

 Ross: All right. Uhh, international.	no

 Chandler: What about that circled one?	no

 Chandler: Yes, it is.	no

 Joey: Hey, let's go look at it! (They both jump up.)	no

 Ross: Okay, let's go.	no

 Joey: Okay!	no

 Chandler: There we go!	no

 Ross: Oh-oh-ooh, hey guys, I was wondering if you guys would uh, maybe chip in on some new air filters for the air purifier? I mean after all, we all are using it.	no

 Joey: Yeah!	no

 Ross: Oh my God! (Looking around, which doesn't take him long.)	no

 Ross: I think this is it. I don't know, maybe we should keep looking.	no

 Joey: But hey, Ross, this place is available now!	no

 Joey: Yeah. (He looks at them.)	no

 Ross: (To Joey) So, you-you think I should go ahead and take this place?	no

 Ross: (To Chandler) How about you?	no

 Chandler: We are bad people.	no

 Joey: He knew we were trying to get rid of him. He knew! (Pause.) You think we could get a bathtub in our kitchen?	no

 Larry: (entering) Hey, ready for dinner?	no

 Phoebe: Ooh, absolutely!	no

 Larry: Great! How about you wanted to go the Italian place down on Bleaker Street right?	no

 Larry: How about Mama Lisettie's?	no

 Phoebe: Enh. Sure!	no

 Larry: (notices something) I wonder how long that milk (on the counter) has been setting out.	no

 Gunther: But then I'd have to go all the way around the dry cleaner place.	no

 Joey: Yeah!	no

 Joey: Yeah! (Pause.)	no

 Chandler: What are we gonna do?	no

 Joey: I don't know. Maybe pizza?	no

 Chandler: About Ross!	no

 Rachel: Shoot, shoot, this is never gonna work! He's right there!	no

 Monica: Just go over and say hi.	no

 Monica: Hey, Danny!	no

 Danny: Hey! What's going on?	no

 Danny: Hey! Rachel!	no

 Rachel: Hey! Oh right, tonight was your party.	no

 Rachel: Oh, go on! You telling people about me?	no

 Danny: You two could really hit it off! I'm gonna go mingle. (Leaves.)	no

 Tom: So you work at Bloomingdale's, huh? My mom calls it Bloomies.	no

 Tom: I'm sorry?	no

 Tom: I'm gonna go talk to uh, a friend.	no

 Monica: I think I need a drink.	no

 Chandler: Here we go! Here we go! (Ross enters.)	no

 Joey: Hey!	no

 Chandler: Hey!	no

 Ross: Yeah. But, the good news is that Phoebe said that I could stay at her place for a while. So&
 Joey: But you can't stay with Phoebe, Ross! We're-we're roomies!	no

 Ross: Look, you guys don't need me here taking up your space.	no

 Chandler: Yeah!	no

 Ross: Are you guys sure about this?	no

 Joey: Definitely!	no

 Chandler: Yes! Ross, you have to stay!	no

 Ross: All right.	no

 Joey: All right!	no

 Chandler: All right, buddy!	no

 Joey: I need something sweet.	no

 Phoebe: Does anyone wanna watch TV?	no

 Phoebe: Oh. Aw, forget it.	no

 Rachel: Yeah, you know what we should all do? We should play that game where everyone says one thing that they're thankful for.	no

 Monica: That's very nice.	no

 Chandler: That's sweet, Joey.	no

 Ross: I'm sorry. It's just that this is the worse Thanksgiving ever.	no

 Ross: Oh God, no.	no

 Ross: You're right. Yours is worse. You are the king of bad Thanksgivings.	no

 Phoebe: I don't know about that. I've got one that's worse.	no

 Ross: In this life, Phoebe.	no

 Phoebe: Oh, this life! Oh okay no, Chandler's is worse.	no

 Rachel: I know Monica's worst Thanksgiving.	no

 Monica: Oh, let's not tell this story.	no

 All: Oh, come on!	no

 Joey: Hey, it's not like it sounds.	no

 Joey: (muffled) Hello?	no

 Phoebe: (surprised) Hello?	no

 Joey: Phoebe?	no

 Phoebe: Joey? What's going on?	no

 Phoebe: Oh my God!	no

 Joey: I know! It's stuck!!!	no

 Phoebe: (walks him to the kitchen) Easy. Step. How did it get on?	no

 Joey: Well then help me get it off! Plus, it smells really bad in here.	no

 Monica: (entering) Hey!	no

 Phoebe: Hey!	no

 Joey: It's Joey.	no

 Monica: What-what are you doing? Is this supposed to be funny?	no

 Phoebe: No, it's not supposed to be funny, it's supposed to be scary.	no

 Monica: Well, get it off now!	no

 Joey: I can't! It-it's stuck!	no

 Chandler: Arghhhhhh!! (Joey turns around to taunt him, but Chandler is in the doorway and Joey is facing the kitchen.)	no

 Chandler: (laughing) You did look like an idiot.	no

 Monica: That's it. That's my worse Thanksgiving.	no

 Phoebe: Oh wait! That can't be the one Rachel's talking about. She didn't even know that happened. So which one was it?	no

 All: Which one?	no

 Monica: Umm, I-I really don't want to tell this story.	no

 Monica: Look umm, of all people, you do not want me to tell this story! Thanksgiving 1987	no

 Ross: Oh, this is Monica. Fat Monica: Hi, I'm Ross's little sister.	no

 Chandler: (seeing her) Okay. Mrs. Geller: I'm so glad you could come Chandler, we've got plenty of food so I hope you're hungry.	no

 Ross: So uh, Rach? Does it, does it feel weird around here now? Y'know since I've been away at college. Big Nosed Rachel: Oh! No, not really.	no

 Ross: So I&
 Chandler: Emotional Knapsack?	no

 Ross: Yeah.	no

 Ross: Listen, Roland Chang, if things go well, I&
 Chandler: I called you fat?! I don't even remember that!	no

 Monica: Well, I do.	no

 Phoebe: Oh, I can't believe you called her fat.	no

 Chandler: I am really sorry. That is so terrible. I am so, so sorry.	no

 Monica: Yes, it was!	no

 Rachel: No, it wasn't. It was actually the&
 Monica: (interrupting her) Okay, now Thanksgiving's over, let's get ready for Christmas. Who wants to go get a Christmas tree?!	no

 Phoebe: Oh, no, I have the cutest Christmas story!	no

 Chandler: We wanna hear Monica's Thanksgiving story!	no

 Phoebe: Fine, all right, mine had a dwarf that got broke in half, but y'know whatever. Thanksgiving 1988	no

 Rachel: Oh, yeah, I had too. There was never any parking by the Psychology building. Mr. Geller: (entering) Hi Rachel.	no

 Rachel: Hey!	no

 Monica: Hi, Chandler.	no

 Chandler: Oh my God!	no

 Chandler: You just, you look so different! Terrific! That dress! That body!	no

 Ross: Dude!	no

 Chandler: Sorry. (In the kitchen.)	no

 Monica: Well it didn't!	no

 Rachel: What?!	no

 Rachel: Okay, that we may be able to do.	no

 Monica: How?	no

 Monica: Yeah.	no

 Rachel: Yeah.	no

 Monica: Okay, so how do I make him think I wanna have sex with him?	no

 Monica: What do you mean?	no

 Monica: (excited) I can do that!	no

 Rachel: Yeah? Okay! Good, good, because he's coming. He's coming. (To Chandler) Hey, what's up? (She leaves and closes the door behind her.)	no

 Chandler: Okay.	no

 Chandler: Are you all right?	no

 Monica: I didn't mean to cut it off. It was an accident.	no

 Monica: Chandler! (Follows him out.)	no

 Chandler: I can't believe this.	no

 Monica: Chandler, I said I was sorry.	no

 Monica: Oh wait, Chandler, come here is there anything I can do? Anything?	no

 Chandler: Yeah, just leave me alone for a while. (He goes into his apartment.)	no

 Chandler: Nice try.	no

 Chandler: Look, Monica&
 Chandler: This is not going to work.	no

 Monica: What?	no

 Monica: You said you loved me! I can't believe this!	no

 Chandler: No I didn't!	no

 Monica: Yes, you did!	no

 Chandler: No I didn't!	no

 Monica: You love me!	no

 Phoebe: What am I sitting on?	no

 Rachel: All right! Who's are they? Who's are they?	no

 Ross: Why are they here?	no

 Rachel: Well, get 'em out of here! What's wrong with you?	no

 Chandler: Yeah!	no

 Monica: Yeah!	no

 Joey: (reluctantly taking them) Chandler? A word. (Follows Joey into their apartment and shrugs on his way out.) [Cut to the guy's apartment.]	no

 Monica: (entering) Thank you Joey, thank you so much!	no

 Joey: Yeah, it was! All right, listen, I can't&
 Chandler: (interrupting him) All this lying has been hard on us too.	no

 Monica: We'll try to be more careful okay? It's just that, we don't want everyone to know because this is going really well, and maybe the reason it's going really well is because it's a secret.	no

 Chandler: I know it sounds really weird, but we're just so bad at relationships.	no

 Monica: We are! Help us!	no

 Chandler: Help!	no

 Joey: All right! But, (To Monica) you do it with me once.	no

 Monica: Joey!	no

 Monica: Hey, Phoebe!	no

 Chandler: Hi, Pheebs!	no

 Rachel: Hey, Pheebs!	no

 Joey: Hey, Pheebs!	no

 Rachel: What are you reading?	no

 Rachel: Honey that sounds like fun.	no

 Phoebe: Yeah! Ooh, you should come with me! Oh yeah, then I'd have someone to sit with!	no

 Rachel: Okay.	no

 Phoebe: Yeah! Okay&
 Rachel: Oh, I read that in high school.	no

 Ross: (entering, depressed) Hi.	no

 Joey: What's wrong buddy?	no

 All: Whoa! Ohh!!	no

 Monica: Phoebe, you are a bad ass!	no

 Monica: Phoebe?	no

 Phoebe: Well, he stabbed me first!!	no

 Rachel: (To Phoebe) Sorry I'm late, but I left late.	no

 Phoebe: Okay.	no

 Rachel: So Pheebs, what is the book about?	no

 Phoebe: I thought you said you read it in high school.	no

 Rachel: Umm, well I would have to say that it's a, it's tragic love story. The Teacher: Well, that's sort of a given, but yes. Anyone else?	no

 Rachel: Oh-oh-oh, symbolism! And uh, the-the uh, wildness of the mores, which I think is-is mirrored in the wildness of Heathcliff's character. The Teacher: Excellent! What Rachel has shrewdly observed here&
 Phoebe: (To Rachel) You completely stole my answer!	no

 Rachel: Well, honey that was pretty obvious.	no

 Phoebe: Well how would you know?! You didn't even read it! The Teacher: What do you think? You in the blue shirt.	no

 Phoebe: Okay then.	no

 Phoebe: Yeah but why didn't you just say that you didn't read the book?!	no

 Rachel: Be-because I didn't want him to think I was stupid! I mean, that was really embarrassing what happened to you!	no

 Ross: (entering) Phoebe!	no

 Phoebe: Yeah?	no

 Cynthia: God, this was really fun! I've been wondering if you were going to ask me out.	no

 Cynthia: No, we just went out.	no

 Joey: Oh no-no-no-no, wait-wait-wait!!	no

 Cynthia: I can't believe you thought that you were going to video tape us having sex on the first date! (She storms away and Rachel enters to confront Joey.)	no

 Joey: Hiya.	no

 Rachel: Joey, is what she just said umm&
 Chandler: What is going on here?	no

 Monica: We're so sorry.	no

 Chandler: Yeah.	no

 Joey: Yeah, I like that. But no-no, how does that explain why Rachel found my underwear at your place?	no

 Chandler: Oh&
 Monica: Okay, just wait, please. I promise we'll come up with something. Just give us a little more time.	no

 [Scene: The Museum of Prehistoric History (Ross's work); Ross is in the break room eating lunch as his boss, Dr. Leedbetter walks in.] Dr. Leedbetter: Umm, Ross. May I have a word with you?	no

 Ross: (Proudly) Yeah. Dr. Leedbetter: We want you to speak to a psychiatrist.	no

 Ross: What? Dr. Leedbetter: I-I'm sorry. I, I-I-I believe I ate that.	no

 Ross: Do you perhaps seeing a note on top of it? Dr. Leedbetter: There may have been a-a joke or a limerick of some kind.	no

 Rachel: Hi!	no

 Phoebe: Hi!	no

 Rachel: (sitting down) So umm, what's this book about?	no

 Phoebe: What?	no

 Rachel: Vogue! Hey, so tell me about this Jane Eyre woman.	no

 Phoebe: No! You should've read it yourself!	no

 Rachel: A cyborg?! Isn't that like a robot?!	no

 Rachel: Yeah, well, feminism yes, but also the robots.	no

 Chandler: Hey.	no

 Monica: Hey. Okay, so umm, since that video camera thing didn't work out uh, I thought that I would give you just a little preview. (Hands him a Polaroid.)	no

 Chandler: Ross?	no

 Ross: (in a stupor) Hey Chandler. (Sees Monica.) Monica!	no

 Monica: Ross, are you okay?	no

 Ross: I'm fine! I saw a psychiatrist at work today.	no

 Monica: Why?!	no

 Ross: He gave me a pill for it.	no

 Monica: A pill?	no

 Ross: Uh-huh. Well, when the psychiatrist told me I had to take a leave of absence because I yelled at my boss I started to get worked up again, so he offered me a tranquilizer. And I thought was a good idea so, I took it.	no

 Phoebe: (smiling) I'm sorry. It was just so funny when you started comparing Jane Eyre to Robocop.	no

 Rachel: That was not funny!	no

 Rachel: Phoebe, come on! What is the big deal? I thought this was going to be something we could do together! Y'know, I thought it would be fun!	no

 Phoebe: Well, yeah! Fun is good, but y'know I also wanted to learn. Y'know, people are always talking about what they learned in high school and I never went to high school.	no

 Rachel: (sees the picture) Oh my God! That's Monica!!	no

 Joey: Oh no-no-no! No-no-no-no-no-no-no!	no

 Ross: (entering, with the rest of the gang) What's going on?	no

 Rachel: Joey has got a secret peephole!	no

 Rachel: Look! (Shows Ross the picture.)	no

 Monica: (grabbing the picture) Give me that!	no

 Joey: No! I am not a pervert! Okay? It's just&
 Chandler: All right, look! Look. I think I can explain this. (He walks over and stands behind Joey.)	no

 Joey: Thank you!	no

 Monica: It's okay! It's good! It's good. It's a disease!	no

 Joey: No! No! I am not a sex addict!	no

 Ross: Yeah, what's going on?	no

 Phoebe: What's going on?	no

 Joey: (thinking) I slept with Monica.	no

 Chandler: Well let's&
 Monica: Oh no!	no

 Ross: You slept with my sister?	no

 Joey: Uh yes, but it was, we just did it once uh, in London.	no

 Ross: This is not good for my rage. (Takes another pill.)	no

 Joey: Of course it's true! How else would you explain all the weird stuff that's been going on?	no

 Monica: Yes it's true.	no

 Rachel: Okay, but if it only happened that one time, how come we found your underwear in our apartment the other day?	no

 Ross: My God Monica!!	no

 Phoebe: So that's why she gave you a naked picture of herself.	no

 Joey: That makes sense!	no

 Rachel: And the video camera?	no

 Joey: Uhh, Monica?	no

 Ross: Unbelievable! I mean you really kept Joey's underwear?! Why? Why would you do that?!	no

 Phoebe: I don't know! I didn't come with her!	no

 Joey: What are you doing?	no

 Joey: Why are you doing this?	no

 Ross: Hey, I am not unemployed. I&
 Ross: So what, we just sit?	no

 Chandler: (Answering the phone at work) Hello, Chandler Bing.	no

 Phoebe: Hey you guys, guess what?	no

 Chandler: The British are coming?	no

 All: Ohh.	no

 Phoebe: (Excitedly) Yeah, I already have my bell and later on...I get my bucket.	no

 Chandler: Ohh.	no

 Danny: Hey guys.	no

 All: Hey Danny.	no

 Rachel: Thanks, Mon.	no

 Rachel: Monica!!!	no

 Danny: (Looking at Monica) Absolutely! Is Friday okay?	no

 Estelle: Well, Telia Shire suddenly became available.	no

 Estelle: What can I say? She nailed it.	no

 Phoebe: Hey!	no

 Monica: I just wanted to see how it's going.	no

 Phoebe: Well, it's going okay.	no

 Phoebe: Oh, thanks!	no

 Monica: Yeah!	no

 Phoebe: Wow! (Monica puts some change in Phoebe's bucket.)	no

 Monica: Yeah. I guess. (She puts more money in the bucket.)	no

 Phoebe: Wait, you can't take the money out. The Man: I'm making change. I need change for the bus.	no

 Phoebe: But, can't you leave the dollar? This money is for the poor. The Man: I'm poor! I gotta take the bus!	no

 Joey: That part was perfect for me! I can't believe I didn't get it!	no

 Joey: Wait a second, I could star in it!	no

 Ross: Or that.	no

 Joey: I can't write! Y'know I mean I-I-I'm an actor, I don't have the discipline that takes, y'know? I can't do it.	no

 Joey: Really? You'd-you'd do that for me?!	no

 Ross: Yeah!	no

 Joey: Thanks!	no

 Joey: Done!	no

 Ross: And it can't be Joey.	no

 Joey: It's not.	no

 Ross: Or Joseph.	no

 Monica: Hey, what's up?	no

 Rachel: I just saw Danny getting on the subway with a girl and he had his arm around her.	no

 Monica: Oh, honey, I'm sorry.	no

 Rachel: Well, you should be, this is all your fault! You meddled in our relationship!!	no

 Monica: You had no relationship!!	no

 Rachel: She was kinda stupid. You're right. All right, I'm just gonna go on the date. I'm gonna go on the date. That is the new plan. (Rachel goes into her room and closes the door. Which allows Monica to let Chandler out of her room.)	no

 Joey: Hey, how do you spell suspicious?	no

 Chandler: Why?	no

 Joey: Because I think this character is going to be suspicious about stuff. (Chandler makes it into the bowl.)	no

 Chandler: Yes! Chandler Bing, 7! Chandler Bing, 0.	no

 Joey: You're driving me crazy with that!	no

 Chandler: Okay, I'll stop.	no

 Chandler: You wanna play?	no

 Joey: (jumping up) All right! But uh, listen, what do you say we crank it up a notch?	no

 Chandler: I'm intrigued.	no

 Joey: Yeah, I think we said good-bye to that when we invented hammer darts.	no

 Joey: Yeah, that's the uh, game we were playing.	no

 Ross: (To Chandler) And shame on you! You should know better, Joey needs to work. (To Joey) Now come on!	no

 Danny: I had a really nice time tonight.	no

 Rachel: You're sister? You're sister's asleep on the couch? (Danny nods, &quot;Yes.&quot;) Ohhh! I saw her with you on the subway and now she's asleep on the couch! Danny's Sister: (opening the door) Oh, I thought I heard you.	no

 Rachel: Hi!	no

 Krista: Nice to meet you. I wish you'd told me we were having company, I'd fix myself up!	no

 Krista: You are so bad! (Hits him softly.)	no

 Danny: You are! (Hits her back.)	no

 Krista: You are! (Hits him softly.)	no

 Danny: You are! (Hits her back.)	no

 Krista: You are! (Hits him softly.)	no

 Danny: You are! (Hits her back.)	no

 Krista: You are! (Hits him harder this time.)	no

 Monica: No.	no

 Phoebe: Does it look like an ashtray?	no

 Monica: No.	no

 Phoebe: Does it look like a urinal?	no

 Ross: So Pheebs, are you gonna go back out there or what?	no

 Phoebe: Well, yeah! But I'm not gonna take anymore crap. Okay? No more Mrs. Nice Bucket!	no

 Rachel: (entering from her room) Hey!	no

 Monica: Hey!	no

 Rachel: Hey, umm, can I ask you guys something? Monica and Ross: Sure.	no

 Rachel: Uh, I don't have any brothers so I don't know, but uh, did you guys wrestle?	no

 Ross: Oh-oh, yeah.	no

 Monica: All the time. In fact, I was undefeated.	no

 Monica: Still, I was quick as a cat.	no

 Monica: Oh, you're kidding.	no

 Rachel: Yeah, they were very y'know&
 Ross: Yeah.	no

 Monica: You wanna go right now? 'Cause I'll take you right now, buddy! You wanna go?	no

 Ross: Oh fine.	no

 Ross: Joey's not going.	no

 Chandler: Well, why can't you do them tomorrow?	no

 Ross: Because tomorrow he's redoing yesterday's pages.	no

 Joey: Yesterday's pages did not reflect my best work.	no

 Ross: I am not unemployed. I'm on sabbatical!	no

 Ross: And the reason I'm doing this is because I am Joey's friend. And if you were a good friend, you'd be doing the same thing.	no

 Ross: No you didn't. You said you would, but you never did!	no

 Joey: Oh, y'know the same thing happened to me one time.	no

 Chandler: When did that happen to you?!	no

 Danny: Yep. (To Rachel) I'm gonna wear these on our date tonight.	no

 Chandler: Okay, bye! (To the gang.) Oh my God!!	no

 Monica: That was unbelievable!	no

 Rachel: Okay, see? I told you!	no

 Joey: Yeah, wow, sorry Rach.	no

 Chandler: I don't believe they're brother and sister.	no

 Phoebe: What?!	no

 Phoebe: That chick can't handle my corner.	no

 Danny: Oh, hey Rach! I thought we said seven?	no

 Rachel: Yeah uh, y'know what uh, let's skip it.	no

 Danny: What?! Why?!	no

 Rachel: Well, okay, look. I don't know, listen, I don't know what's going on here but let's&
 Danny: Do-do you, do you have brothers?	no

 Danny: Are you close with them?	no

 Rachel: Well, uh, I-I don't know. See when-when you put it that way y'know it does sort of&
 Danny: (seeing Rachel's shocked look) What?	no

 Rachel: Yeah, okay, I'll see you later. (Gets up and runs from the apartment.)	no

 Joey: Yeah, well, that's fine, but the important thing is that I finished it. And uh, I think it's really good, but y'know it'd really help me is if I could hear it. So would you guys read it for me?	no

 Chandler: All right. (Takes a copy.)	no

 Ross: All right. (Takes another copy.)	no

 Ross: Hey man.	no

 Chandler: What is up?	no

 Chandler: No, it was me. I'm sorry. I over reacted.	no

 Chandler: (To Ross) I'm sorry too.	no

 Joey: Oh no! No-no, keep reading! The good part's coming up. Keep going.	no

 Chandler: I am sorry, Ross.	no

 Joey: No-no, this only took five minutes. I spent the rest of the day coming up with new, Ultimate Fireball. (Takes out a bowling ball and a propane torch.) Ha-ha! Ending Credits	no

 Monica: Hi, how are you doing Kelly?	no

 Rachel: I'm doing just fine! God, Tiffany, you smell so great!	no

 Monica: It's my new perfume. Why don't you come closer where you can really appreciate it? (They both start to read ahead.)	no

 Rachel: Oh, y'know Joey, you are sick!	no

 Rachel: I'm not reading this!	no

 Joey: What's the matter?!	no

 Chandler: We wanted to kiss at midnight, but nobody else is going to so y'know&
 Joey: All right, I'll take care of it.	no

 Joey: Ross! Ross! Ross, listen! Who are you kissing at midnight, huh? Rachel or Phoebe?	no

 Ross: What?	no

 Joey: Well you gotta kiss someone, you can't kiss your sister.	no

 Ross: Well, who's gonna kiss my sister.	no

 Joey: Chandler.	no

 Ross: That's a good point.	no

 Joey: Yeah.	no

 Ross: Oh well, since I have that whole history with Rachel, I guess Phoebe.	no

 Joey: Okay, great!	no

 Ross: All right.	no

 Joey: Pheebs! Pheebs! Ross wants to kiss you at midnight!	no

 Joey: Rach! Rach! Listen, I'm gonna kiss you at midnight.	no

 Rachel: What?!	no

 Ross: Well, everyone's gotta kiss someone. You can't kiss Ross you got the history.	no

 Rachel: So?	no

 Joey: So? Who would you rather have kiss you, me or Chandler?	no

 Rachel: Oh, good point.	no

 Joey: Yeah!	no

 Chandler: (To Monica) Happy New Year!	no

 Monica: Happy New Year.	no

 Ross: (To Phoebe) Happy New Year, Pheebs!	no

 Phoebe: You too!	no

 Rachel: (To Joey) Happy New Year, Joey!	no

 Joey: So did that do anything for ya? (Rachel slowly walks away.) Opening Credits	no

 Rachel: But your divorce isn't even final yet.	no

 Ross: Just the one divorce in '99! Y'know what, I am gonna be happy this year. I am gonna make myself happy.	no

 Ross: Everyday I am gonna do one thing that I haven't done before. That my friends is my New Year's resolution.	no

 Phoebe: Ooh! That's a good one! Mine is to pilot a commercial jet.	no

 Ross: Ohh.	no

 Phoebe: Really?! How come?	no

 Rachel: I don't gossip! (They all laugh.)	no

 Woman: I'll see you tomorrow.	no

 Ross: I just asked that girl out.	no

 Chandler: Nice!	no

 Chandler: (reading it) Elizabeth Hornswoggle?	no

 Ross: That's right, uh, Elizabeth Hornswoggle.	no

 Chandler: Horn-swoggle.	no

 Joey: You all right Chandler? Is there something funny about that name?	no

 Ross: Hi, Pheebs!	no

 Phoebe: Hey!	no

 Ross: Oh-oh, guess what? I-I have a date with Elizabeth (Talking into Chandler's ear.) Hornswoggle.	no

 Ross: All right, see you later.	no

 Joey: Umm, okay.	no

 Phoebe: Did you, did you touch any of the guitars while you were there? Did you?!	no

 Joey: No.	no

 Joey: Yes!	no

 Rachel: I think they're very nice.	no

 Monica: I like 'em.	no

 Joey: Yeah! (Chandler bangs the table in frustration.)	no

 Monica: I like them a lot.	no

 Chandler: Oh come on!! (Storms out.)	no

 Ross: (after he's left) Okay, seriously, what do you think?	no

 Joey: You look like a freak.	no

 Ross: What are you, what are you doing?	no

 Monica: No! To take more pictures of all of us together. I mean I really think it's the best resolution because everyone will enjoy the pictures.	no

 Ross: That was just the pants on the couch. Umm, hey, do you, do you mind if I use your bathroom?	no

 Elizabeth: No, go ahead.	no

 Ross: (in ecstasy) Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh&
 Ross: Oh my God!	no

 Joey: Yes! Yes, I did.	no

 Phoebe: Then do Iceberg!	no

 Phoebe: No, but you're questioning my method!	no

 Monica: Thank you. (Leaves.)	no

 Phoebe: Y'know none of my other student thought I was stupid.	no

 Monica: (on phone) Awww, y'know what your nickname is, Mr. Big&
 Rachel: Arghh!! (She quickly hangs up the phone and starts to pace around wondering what to do.) Commercial Break	no

 Joey: (answering phone) Hello?	no

 Ross: (calling from Elizabeth's bathroom) Joey, it's Ross! I need some help!	no

 Joey: Uhh, Chandler's not here.	no

 Ross: Well, you can help me!	no

 Joey: Okay.	no

 Ross: Listen, I'm in Elizabeth's bathroom&
 Joey: Nice!	no

 Joey: Oh. That is quite a situation. Uh, do you see any like, powder?	no

 Ross: Powder! Yeah! Yeah, I have powder! (Grabs some of her shelf.)	no

 Joey: Umm, do you see any&
 Ross: Ohh, I-I see lotion, I have lotion! Will that work?	no

 Joey: Yeah, sure, spread some of that on there.	no

 Joey: Ross? You okay?	no

 Ross: They're still, they're still not coming on man and the lotion and the powder have made a paste!	no

 Ross: What difference does that make?!	no

 Rachel: (entering) Joey, do you have a minute?	no

 Ross: Dude, what am I gonna&
 Joey: (To Ross) Uh, Rachel's here, so good luck man, let me know how it works out. (He hangs up the phone and strands Ross in the bathroom.)	no

 Rachel: Oh, Joey, I have such a problem!	no

 Rachel: Okay. Okay. Okay. Joey, I have got to tell you something!	no

 Joey: What-what is it, what is it?	no

 Rachel: Oh my God, it's so huge, but you just have to promise me that you cannot tell anyone.	no

 Joey: Oh no, no-no-no-no! I don't want to know!	no

 Rachel: Yes! Yes! Yes, you do want to know! This is unbelievable!	no

 Rachel: What? What secrets? You know secrets? What are they?	no

 Elizabeth: Ross, umm, you've been in there for a long time. I'm starting to get kinda freaked out.	no

 Ross: All right, I'm coming out. Hey, can you turn the lights off.	no

 Elizabeth: Oh my God!	no

 Ross: I had a problem.	no

 Joey: Hey, Pheebs?	no

 Phoebe: Uh-huh!	no

 Joey: (sitting back down) Was the chord at least right&
 Phoebe: No!	no

 Chandler: Oh my God!	no

 Phoebe: Yeah!	no

 Rachel: That really is something; that's really cool.	no

 Rachel: Hey, uh, Joey?	no

 Joey: Umm?	no

 Rachel: Remember that big thing I was gonna tell you about?	no

 Rachel: I'm not gonna tell you, but if you found out on your own, that would be okay and then we could talk about it. Right?	no

 Joey: Well, then it wouldn't be a secret. So yeah, that would be okay. Yeah. Yeah!	no

 Joey: Now? You want me to go over there now?	no

 Rachel: Yeah!	no

 Joey: Do you know something?	no

 Rachel: Do you know something?	no

 Joey: I might know something.	no

 Rachel: I might know something too.	no

 Joey: What's the thing you know?	no

 Rachel: Oh no, I can't tell you until you tell me what you know.	no

 Joey: I can't tell you what I know.	no

 Rachel: Well then I can't tell you what I know.	no

 Joey: Okay, fine. (Silence ensues.)	no

 Rachel: AND YOU KNOW!!!	no

 Joey: Yeah, I know!!!!	no

 Rachel: Chandler and Monica?!! Oh, this is unbelievable!! How long have you known?	no

 Joey: Too long! Oh my God, Rach, I've been dying to talk to someone about this for so long! Listen, listen, we can't say anything about this to anybody, they're so weird about that! Listen&
 Rachel: Ohhh, yeah, me too. (They both exit.)	no

 Rachel: Come on Joey!!!	no

 Joey: Rach, I told you everything I knew last night! Look, it's not that big of a deal, so Monica and Chandler are doing it.	no

 Rachel: I can't believe you would say that!	no

 Joey: (thinks) I don't know.	no

 Rachel: Is he romantic with her?	no

 Joey: I don't know.	no

 Rachel: Are they in love?	no

 Joey: (thinks) I don't know.	no

 Rachel: You don't know anything.	no

 Joey: Ohh, I know one thing!	no

 Rachel: What?	no

 Joey: Hey Ross!	no

 Phoebe: Hey!	no

 All:  What? Oh!	no

 Chandler: Sorry man.	no

 Gunther: Here's your scone.	no

 Phoebe: Hey, you know what might help you deal with it? Think of it this way, you and Emily are in the past and you can't be mad about the past. So are you still mad about the Louisiana Purchase?	no

 Rachel: Pheebs, I don&
 Phoebe: Exactly! Because it's in the past!	no

 Joey: (eyeing the flattened scone) Anybody gonna eat that?	no

 Monica: I think this is so cool because none of our friends are here and we can be a real couple. We don't have to hide.	no

 Chandler: I know, I can do this. (He takes her hand.)	no

 Monica: Hi, nice to meet you!	no

 Doug: Hi! And this is my wife Kara.	no

 Chandler: No, sir.	no

 Monica: What was that?	no

 Chandler: What?	no

 Monica: That noise you just made?	no

 Monica: Really? Your work laugh?	no

 Monica: All right, check me out.	no

 Chandler: Hey! Everybody at work loved you last night!	no

 Monica: Really?	no

 Monica: Hey, I thought you already had one.	no

 Rachel: Oh umm, y'know I lent it to Joey and I never actually got it back.	no

 Rachel: (To Monica) Hey!	no

 Monica: Hi!	no

 Rachel: What's up?!	no

 Monica: What are you doing here? I thought you had to do inventory all day.	no

 Rachel: Well yeah, I do, but I decided to take a long lunch and spend some time with my friend Monica. Y'know I-I feel that we don't talk anymore. How are you? What is new with you?	no

 Monica: Uhh, not much. Uh, work's good.	no

 Rachel: Oh y'know what, we don&
 Monica: Okay. Umm&
 Rachel: Hey! Y'know what? Let's talk about relationships!	no

 Monica: Okay, what's going on with you?	no

 Rachel: Nothing! You go!	no

 Monica: Yes, I'm sure! Rachel is there something that you want to talk me about?	no

 Ross: (entering from the bathroom) Hey Pheebs, what's going on?	no

 Ross: No! No! No!	no

 Phoebe: What?!	no

 Ross: Uh actually, I think I'm gonna skip it.	no

 Joey: Really?	no

 Ross: Yeah, I'm gonna stay and read my book. I just wanna be alone right now.	no

 Joey: Oh. Are you sure you don't want to come? Tom Hanks, Meg Ryan, they get mail and stuff.	no

 Ross: That's okay, Joe.	no

 Joey: All right, let's go Pheebs.	no

 Kara: Oww!!	no

 Monica: Game!	no

 Doug: Well, I gotta tell ya Bing; that partner of yours is a real tiger. (To his wife.) Are you all right sweethart?	no

 Chandler: Okay, easy Martina. I think we should let them win the next game.	no

 Monica: I'm sorry, I don't understand what you just said.	no

 Chandler: Let them win one.	no

 Monica: They have racquets don't they?!	no

 Doug: Uh Bing, I think we're gonna make this the last game.	no

 Chandler: Oopsey, missed it!	no

 Monica: I can't believe you let them win!	no

 Monica: I was frustrated.	no

 Chandler: It was my racquet.	no

 Monica: I was frustrated with you!	no

 Monica: I'm telling you, something's wrong! My brother does not stay out all night.	no

 Phoebe: Hey!	no

 Rachel: There he is!	no

 Ross: Just, y'know out.	no

 Phoebe: What were you doing?	no

 Rachel: You walked around all night in the city by yourself?	no

 Ross: Okay, look, I-I know what you guys are going to say&
 Ross: I am gonna see her again.	no

 Rachel: (entering) Okay, I have to tell you something that I have never admitted during our entire friendship! But, when we were in high school I made out with James Farrell even when I knew that you liked him! Wow, that feels so good to get off my chest! Okay, you go!	no

 Monica: My turn? What-what are you talking about?	no

 Monica: What?!	no

 Rachel: I overheard you guys on the phone the other day, and you said, &quot;I'll just tell Rachel that I'm doing laundry for a couple of hours.&quot; And he said, &quot;Laundry? Is that my new nickname?&quot; And you said, &quot;No! You know what your nickname is, Mr. Big.&quot;	no

 Rachel: What?!	no

 Rachel: All right. So you're telling me that there is nothing going on between you and Chandler.	no

 Phoebe: Uh-hmm.	no

 Phoebe: Get your foot off my contestant! Judge!	no

 Phoebe: Ohhh.	no

 Ross: (entering) Hey guys!	no

 Phoebe: Hey!	no

 Joey: What?!	no

 Phoebe: Are you serious?!	no

 Phoebe: You don't need Janice for that, you've got us. We&
 Joey: And the duck gets the Nutter-Butter!	no

 Phoebe: (turning from Ross.) No!! Hey-hey that's not a Nutter-Butter, that's just an old Wonton!	no

 Joey: Judge rules, Nutter-Butter.	no

 Phoebe: Ohh, tough call.	no

 Joey: Yeah.	no

 Doug: But seriously, I believe that we should all support President Clinton. And her husband Bill. (Chandler does the laugh.)	no

 Kara: So how do you kids like your coffee?	no

 Monica: Oh, none for me. Thanks.	no

 Monica: (To Chandler) How does that laugh not give you a headache?	no

 Chandler: Oh, you get used to it.	no

 Monica: Y'know, I-I-I don't think that I can. So if you don't mind, maybe this will be it for me on the work things.	no

 Chandler: So I laugh at my boss's jokes, what's the big deal?	no

 Chandler: What?	no

 Doug: The joke Bing. What's the matter with you?	no

 Doug: Excuse me?	no

 Chandler: Well, I just&
 Chandler: Really?	no

 Chandler: I think I do! (They all laugh.) Thank you, Monica.	no

 Rachel: Sure! Why?	no

 Monica: Sorry! I'm just&
 Chandler: But we're not ready to tell yet!	no

 Monica: (entering) Joey?! Oh my God, Rachel!	no

 Rachel: Hey! Hi!	no

 Monica: Okay great!	no

 Rachel: Yeah!	no

 Monica: Okay.	no

 Rachel: Okay.	no

 Monica: I'll get back to my new job. (Pause.)	no

 Gunther: Here you go. (Serves them both some coffee.)	no

 Janice: Actually, I should get going.	no

 Ross: Are you sure? Because I can stay out as late as you want. I told you how I'm on sabbatical from work, right?	no

 Janice: Yes! Yes! You did!	no

 Ross: Oh&
 Janice: What is wrong now?!	no

 Ross: This isn't what I ordered! Man! Can anything go right in my life?! First my marriage falls apart and then&
 Ross: Okay. Sometimes I feel&
 Janice: No-no-no, no. I'm going to talk. I believe that the sun has set on our day in the sun.	no

 Ross: Huh?	no

 Janice: Well yeah!!	no

 Ross: OH&
 Janice: Are you gonna be okay?	no

 Ross: I am now.	no

 Janice: Okay. (Joey enters.)	no

 Joey: Umm, hi.	no

 Ross: Dude, we got to talk.	no

 Chandler: Okay.	no

 Ross: I just wanted to tell you something before you heard it from someone else and I hope this isn't too weird, but uh, I had uh, a thing with Janice. (He laughs, his real laugh this time.) What you're-you're not mad?	no

 Chandler: Why would I be mad?	no

 Ross: Okay.	no

 Ross: All right.	no

 Monica: That was a half an hour?	no

 Monica: Y'know, I don't like to brag about it, but I give the best massages!	no

 Chandler: Ah! Ahh!! Ahh!!	no

 Monica: It's so good, isn't it?	no

 Monica: Say good-bye to sore muscles!	no

 Chandler: I'm telling you, she gives the worst massages ever!! Okay, it was like she was torturing me for information. And I wanted to give it up I just&
 Ross: Sorry.	no

 Ross: (glaring at Joey) This would be the place where you explain the hat.	no

 Joey: Oh! Yeah, look there's this play all right? And I'm up for the part of this real cool like suave international guy. A real clothes horse. So I figure that everyone at the audition is gonna be wearing this kinda y'know, ultra-hip, high fashion stuff.	no

 Joey: Great! Thanks, Rach!	no

 Rachel: Sure! (Pause) God, please take those off!	no

 Joey: All right. (Both of them remove their hats as Phoebe enters.)	no

 Ross: Hey Pheebs, how's it going?	no

 Chandler: Hey.	no

 Rachel: What?	no

 Ross: Is everything okay?	no

 Joey: Are you all right?	no

 Phoebe: Oh yeah, no-no-no. I'm fine. I'm okay, but umm, my Grandma sorta died.	no

 Joey: Pheebs! Sorry!	no

 Rachel: Well maybe, maybe she's with us right now?	no

 Ross: Uhh, Pheebs' Grandmother just died.	no

 Monica: Ohh my God, I'm so sorry.	no

 Monica: (to the guys) Not the way they're doing it. What, what happened? How did she die?	no

 Phoebe: Well umm, okay we were in the market and she bent down to get some yogurt and she just never came back up again.	no

 Joey: Pheebs, I'm so sorry.	no

 Phoebe: It was really sweet. The last thing she said to me was; &quot;Okay dear, you go get the eggs and I'm gonna get the yogurt and we'll meet at the checkout counter.&quot; And y'know what? We will meet at the checkout counter.	no

 Joey: All right, then you'd better show me some of that too then.	no

 Rachel: Okay, it's missing something. Ooh, I know! Umm, okay. (Goes and grabs a bag, that looks like a purse, and shows it to Joey.)	no

 Joey: Really? A purse?	no

 Rachel: It's not a purse! It's a shoulder bag.	no

 Joey: It looks like a women's purse.	no

 Joey: See look, women, carrying the bag. (He puts it on his shoulder and looks at himself in the mirror and likes what he sees.) But it is odd how a women's purse looks good on me, a man.	no

 Rachel: Exactly! Unisex!	no

 Phoebe: It's Phoebe.	no

 Phoebe: Umm, well I sorta have some bad news, can I come in?	no

 Phoebe: Umm, well, umm Grandma died.	no

 Joey: Hey!	no

 Rachel: (entering) Joey, what are you doing with the bag? You're audition is not until tomorrow.	no

 Rachel: Joey, y'know you get any mustard on that bag, you can't return it.	no

 Joey: Why would I return it? I love this bag!	no

 Rachel: (glaring at him) Joey&
 Ross: What's the part, Anti-man?	no

 Rachel: Hey, don't listen to them. I think it's sexy.	no

 Rachel: Hi sweetie!	no

 Ross: Hey, how are you holding up?	no

 Joey: Hey Pheebs, I'm so sorry.	no

 Joey: Here, I brought you some flowers. (He pulls them out of the bag.)	no

 Phoebe: Thanks!	no

 Phoebe: Yeah, welcome.	no

 Phoebe: Umm here's your 3-D glasses.	no

 Phoebe: So how did you know Francis?	no

 Phoebe: Really?! What's your name?	no

 Phoebe: You're Frank Buffay? Frank Sr.: Shh! (Whispers) No! Joe Hill!	no

 Phoebe: Oh my God!	no

 Monica: What?! What honey?	no

 Ross: What happened?	no

 Phoebe: That was my dad!	no

 Chandler: Oh my God! (They all look down the hall he left from.)	no

 Monica: Oh, did you catch him?!	no

 Phoebe: Uh-huh.	no

 Ross: Wh-what did he say?!	no

 Phoebe: He said, &quot;Nice to meet you Glenda.&quot; (They stare at her, dumbfounded) Well, obviously I couldn't give him my real name?	no

 Rachel: Why?! Why not?!	no

 Joey: What did you say to him?	no

 Phoebe: All right, well, I just can't think about that right now. I just wanna say good-bye to my Grandma.	no

 Rachel: Okay.	no

 Joey: (entering, with bag) Hey! I'm off to my audition. How do I look?	no

 Rachel: Ahhh, I think you look great! That bag is gonna get you that part.	no

 Phoebe: All right, I'd better go too. I have to go talk to my dad.	no

 Rachel: Ooh, Pheebs, what are you gonna say? Are you gonna tell him who you are?	no

 Phoebe: Umm, no, not at first 'cause I-I don't want to freak him out	no

 Monica: Phoebe, you do seem a little tense. Here, let me help you.	no

 Phoebe: Oh! Get off!! Ow!! Oh, stop it!! Why?! Why are you doing that to me?!	no

 Monica: What are you talking about?	no

 Phoebe: (seeing the look on Chandler's face) He-he does not like it! He hates it! He's in pain!	no

 Monica: No he's not!	no

 Chandler: (wincing) Yes, he is!	no

 Monica: What?!	no

 Chandler: I'm sorry but, ow-owww-owww!	no

 Monica: You've been lying to me? I can't believe you'd do that.	no

 Ross: Well, maybe he just didn't want to hurt your feelings.	no

 [Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Chandler is poking his head in.]	no

 Monica: No.	no

 Monica: Oh, please, stop! Look, we're supposed to be honest with each other. I-I just wish you could tell me&
 Chandler: Okay, but now see you're crying!	no

 Monica: I'm not crying about that! I'm crying about something that happened at work.	no

 Chandler: What?	no

 Monica: (bursting into tears) My boyfriend said he didn't like my massages.	no

 Chandler: It's okay, you don't have to be the best at everything.	no

 Monica: Oh my God! You don't know me at all!	no

 Chandler: Okay, you give the worst massages in the world.	no

 Monica: I'm crying here!!	no

 Chandler: Oh, it would be you! You! Monica! And you'd get all the votes!	no

 Monica: So maybe they could umm, call the award the Monica?	no

 Chandler: Absolutely!	no

 Monica: Okay. I suck!	no

 Chandler: Yeah! (They hug.)	no

 Phoebe: Okay. Frank Sr.: So, what did Francis leave me?	no

 Phoebe: Huh? Frank Sr.: Well, that's why you wanted me to come, right?	no

 Phoebe: But you-you-you came to see Lilly? Frank Sr.: Yeah, yeah. Why?	no

 Phoebe: Lilly's dead. (He looks up in shock.) Frank Sr.: She what?!	no

 Phoebe: She's dead. Frank Sr.: Are you sure?	no

 Phoebe: 17 years ago. Frank Sr.: Oh! What about, what about the girls?	no

 Phoebe: Well, Ursula is a waitress and-and she lives in Soho. And Phoebe, (pause) is on this couch. (Silence ensues.)	no

 Joey: (dejected) Hi.	no

 All: Hey!	no

 Chandler: Hey man, how did the audition go?	no

 Rachel: What?! Why? Joey you were so ready for it!	no

 Ross: What kind of problem?	no

 Joey: Y'know what? It was a stupid play anyway!	no

 Monica: Y'know, Joey, I think it's time to give up the bag.	no

 Chandler: Oh, hey! (Ross nods in agreement as well.)	no

 Rachel: &
 Joey: I can't believe I'm hearing this!	no

 Rachel: Wait a minute! Wait a minute! I'm not saying that you shouldn&
 Rachel: I'd say from the looks of it; our naked buddy is moving.	no

 Ross: Ironically, most of the boxes seem to be labeled clothes.	no

 Rachel: Ohh, I'm gonna miss that big old squishy butt.	no

 Ross: Hey! Hey! If he's moving, maybe I should try to get his place!	no

 All: Good idea! Yes!	no

 Ross: It would be so cool to live across from you guys!	no

 Ross: Oh my God! I love this apartment! Isn't it perfect?! I can't believe I never realized how great it is!	no

 Ross: (laughing) Ohh. (Phoebe takes a couple of steps to the door and Ross quickly hurries out.)	no

 Rachel: Well, I never thought I'd say this, but I'm gonna go use Ugly Naked Guy's bathroom. (Does so.)	no

 Rachel: What?!	no

 Phoebe: (screaming) Ahhh!! Chandler and Monica!! Chandler and Monica!!	no

 Rachel: Oh my God!	no

 Phoebe: CHANDLER AND MONICA!!!!	no

 Rachel: OH MY GOD!!!	no

 Phoebe: OH!! MY EYES!!! MY EYES!!!!	no

 Rachel: Phoebe!! Phoebe!! It's okay!! It's okay!!	no

 Phoebe: NO! THEY'RE DOING IT!!!	no

 Rachel: I KNOW!! I KNOW!! I KNOW!	no

 Phoebe: YOU KNOW?!!!	no

 Rachel: Yes, I know! And Joey knows! But Ross doesn't know so you have to stop screaming!!	no

 Ross: (entering) What's going on? Phoebe and Rachel: Ohhh!!!	no

 Rachel: (trying to divert his attention from the window by jumping up and down) HI!! Hi!	no

 Ross: What?! What?!	no

 Rachel: Nothing! Oh God, we're just so excited that you want to get this apartment!	no

 Rachel: Uh-huh, doing it. Doing it. Phone doing it.	no

 Joey: (entering) Hey guys!	no

 Rachel: Joey! Come here! Come here!	no

 Joey: What? What?	no

 Rachel: Phoebe just found out about Monica and Chandler.	no

 Joey: You mean how they're friends and nothing more? (Glares at Rachel.)	no

 Phoebe: Okay, so now they know that you know and they don't know that Rachel knows?	no

 Rachel: Wh-what do you mean?	no

 Phoebe: Well y'know every time that they say that like they're doing laundry we'll just give them a bunch of laundry to do.	no

 Rachel: Ohhh, I-I would enjoy that!	no

 Joey: No-no-no! No-no wait Rach, you know what would even be more fun? Telling them.	no

 Rachel: Ehhh, no, I wanna do Phoebe's thing.	no

 Joey: I can't take any&
 Phoebe: No! You don't have to do anything! Just don't tell them that we know!	no

 Rachel: You don't have any secrets!	no

 Rachel: (To Phoebe) So umm, how-how are we gonna mess with them?	no

 Rachel: Okay.	no

 Phoebe: And then. I would use y'know the strongest tool at my disposal. My sexuality.	no

 Chandler: (entering) Hello children!	no

 All: Hey!	no

 Phoebe: Okay, watch, learn, and don't eat my cookie. (She gets up and goes over to Chandler who's ordering some coffee from Gunther.)	no

 Chandler: Hey.	no

 Phoebe: Hey! Ooh, wow that jacket looks great on you!	no

 Chandler: Really?	no

 Phoebe: Well, if you really wanna know, I'm&
 Phoebe: Well actually you're the one person I can't tell this too. And the one person I want to the most.	no

 Chandler: What's going on?	no

 Monica: You are so cute! How did you get to be so cute?	no

 Monica: What?	no

 Monica: What are you talking about?	no

 Chandler: I'm telling you I think Phoebe thinks I'm foxy.	no

 Monica: That's not possible!	no

 Monica: I'm sorry, I think that you just misunderstood her.	no

 Rachel: Hey Mon, what are you doing now? Wanna come see a movie with us?	no

 Monica: Uhh, y'know actually I was gonna do some laundry.	no

 Rachel: Oh.	no

 Monica: Hey Chandler, wanna do it with me?	no

 Chandler: Sure, I'll do it with ya.	no

 Monica: Okay.	no

 Ross: (entering) Hey!	no

 Rachel: Hey Ross! Any word on the apartment yet?	no

 Ross: Well, I called over there and it turns out Ugly Naked Guy is subletting it himself and he's already had like a hundred applicants.	no

 Rachel: Oh.	no

 Ross: No-no, I got the edge. I know it's not exactly ethical but I sent him a little bribe to tip the scales in my direction. Check it out, you can probably see it from the window. (They all head to the window.)	no

 Monica: Oh, is it that pinball machine with the big bow on it?	no

 Ross: No.	no

 Ross: No.	no

 Ross: A basket of mini-muffins.	no

 Ross: The small one.	no

 Rachel: What?! You-you actually thought that basket was gonna get you the apartment?	no

 Ross: Well yeah! Someone sent us a basket at work once and people went crazy over those little muffins. It was the best day.	no

 Ross: Oh man! I want that place so much!! I was so sure that was gonna work! There's twelve bucks I'll never see again! (Exits.)	no

 Rachel: All right honey, we'd better go if we wanna catch that movie.	no

 Monica: Bye!	no

 All: Bye!	no

 Monica: Ohhh, oh my God! Oh my God! She knows about us!	no

 Chandler: Are you serious?	no

 Chandler: (entering) Joey! (Joey quickly tries to hide Hugsy by throwing it over his head.)	no

 Joey: Yeah?	no

 Chandler: Phoebe knows about us!	no

 Joey: Well I didn't tell them!	no

 Monica: Them?! Who's them?	no

 Joey: Uhhh, Phoebe and Joey.	no

 Monica: Joey!	no

 Joey: And Rachel. I would've told you but they made me promise not to tell!	no

 Chandler: Oh man!	no

 Monica: Unless&
 Joey: No! Not unless! Look this must end now!	no

 Rachel: Oh Ross, honey you gotta stop torturing yourself!	no

 Phoebe: Yeah, why don't you just find another apartment?	no

 Ross: Look I've already looked at like a thousand apartments this month and none of them even compares to that one!	no

 Rachel: Y'know what you should do?	no

 Ross: Huh?	no

 Rachel: (To Ross) See?	no

 Ross: That is a great idea! And! I know Ugly Naked Guy because we've been watching him for like five years so that gives me back my edge! Oh, let's see now he had the trampoline.	no

 Phoebe: He broke that.	no

 Rachel: Yeah, he broke those too.	no

 Phoebe: I wouldn't bring that up, it would probably just bum him out.	no

 Rachel: Hello! (Listens) Oh yeah! Hey! Hold on a second she's right here! (To Phoebe) It's Chandler.	no

 Phoebe: (in a sexy voice) Oh? (Takes the phone from Rachel.) Hello you.	no

 Phoebe: Eh?	no

 Chandler: Well you know that thing you said before, I'd be lying if I said I wasn't intrigued.	no

 Phoebe: Really?	no

 Chandler: Yeah, listen, Joey isn't gonna be here tonight so why don't you come over and I'll let you uh, feel my bicep. Or maybe more.	no

 Phoebe: I'll have to get back to you on that. Okay, bye! (Hangs up.) Oh my God! He wants me to come over and feel his bicep and more!	no

 Rachel: Are you kidding?!	no

 Joey: No.	no

 Rachel: Joey!	no

 Joey: They know you know.	no

 Phoebe: God, they thought they can mess with us! They're trying to mess with us?! They don't know that we know they know we know! (Joey just shakes his head.) Joey, you can't say anything!	no

 Monica: Oh yeah! [Cut to Phoebe and Rachel sitting on the couch.]	no

 Phoebe: All right. All right! If he wants a date? He's gonna get a date. All right, I'm gonna go in.	no

 Rachel: All right. Be sexy.	no

 Phoebe: So Chandler, I-I'd love to come by tonight.	no

 Chandler: (initially worried, but gets over it) Really?	no

 Chandler: Yes.	no

 All: Yeah, it is! Naked Ross!!	no

 Rachel: Show time!	no

 Phoebe: Okay, Rachel, get me perfume!	no

 Rachel: Okay! (She runs to get some.)	no

 Monica: All right, it'll be great! You just make her think you wanna have sex with her! It'll totally freak her out!	no

 Chandler: Okay, listen, how far am I gonna have to go with her?	no

 Monica: Relax, she-she's gonna give in way before you do!	no

 Chandler: How do you know?!	no

 Monica: Just go get some! (Kisses him.) Go! (She runs to hide in the bathroom.) [Cut to the hallway, Phoebe is outside getting some last minute instructions from Rachel.]	no

 Phoebe: Okay.	no

 Phoebe: Good idea!	no

 Rachel: Yeah, oh wait! (She goes for another one.)	no

 Chandler: Phoebe.	no

 Phoebe: Chandler.	no

 Chandler: Come on in.	no

 Phoebe: I was going too. (They go inside and he closes the door.) Umm, I brought some wine. Would you like some?	no

 Chandler: Me? No. You?	no

 Phoebe: No, I want this to happen.	no

 Chandler: I'm gonna put on some music.	no

 Chandler: You look good.	no

 Phoebe: Really?	no

 Chandler: Oh, do you not want to?	no

 Phoebe: No. No! It's just y'know first, I wanna take off all my clothes and have you rub lotion on me.	no

 Chandler: Listen, this is totally getting out of hand! Okay? She wants me to put lotion on her!	no

 Monica: She's bluffing!	no

 Chandler: Look, she's not backing down! She went like this! (He does a little mimic of her dance.) [Cut to the hallway where Phoebe is conferring with Rachel.]	no

 Phoebe: He's not backing down. He went to get lotion.	no

 Joey: (entering the hall) Oh man! Aren't you guys done yet?! I wanna sit in my chair!	no

 Rachel: Joey look, just look at it this way, the sooner Phoebe breaks Chandler the sooner this is all over and out in the open.	no

 Joey: Ooh!	no

 Rachel: Okay!	no

 Joey: It's not my first time. [Cut to the bathroom.]	no

 Monica: You go back out there and you seduce her till she cracks!	no

 Chandler: Okay, give me a second! (Pause) Did you clean up in here?	no

 Chandler: Oh, you're-you're going?	no

 Phoebe: Umm, not without you, lover. (She slowly walks over to him and is showcasing her bra.) So, this is my bra.	no

 Phoebe: You should be. I'm very bendy. (Pause) I'm gonna kiss you now.	no

 Phoebe: Ooh.	no

 Chandler: Well, I guess there's nothing left for us to do but-but kiss.	no

 Chandler: Okay! Okay! Okay! You win! You win!! I can't have sex with ya!	no

 Phoebe: And why not?!	no

 Chandler: Because I'm in love with Monica!!	no

 Phoebe: You're-you're what?! (Monica comes out of the bathroom like a bolt, and Rachel and Joey both enter.)	no

 Chandler: Love her! That's right, I&
 Monica: I love you too Chandler. (They kiss.)	no

 Phoebe: I just&
 Joey: Dude!	no

 Phoebe: God! (She turns and buttons up.)	no

 Joey: All right! So that's it! It's over! Everybody knows!	no

 Monica: What are you doing?!	no

 Ross: What the hell are doing?!!	no

 Rachel: (running from the guy's apartment with Joey in tow) Hey, what's-what's going on?!	no

 Joey: (panicking) Dude! He's right there!	no

 Ross: (To Chandler) I thought you were my best friend, this is my sister! My best friend and my sister! I-I cannot believe this!	no

 Chandler: Look, we're not just messing around! I love her. Okay, I'm in love with her.	no

 Monica: I'm so sorry that you had to find out this way. I'm sorry, but it's true, I love him too. (There's a brief pause.)	no

 Ross: What? What? What?! You guys knew? (Joey and Rachel backup against the door.) You all knew and you didn't tell me?!!	no

 Rachel: Well, Ross, we were worried about you. We didn't know how you were going to react. (Pause.)	no

 Ross: Hey, you know what I just realized? If you guys ever have kids&
 Chandler: (interrupting) Whoa-whoa-whoa! We're having kids?!	no

 Joey: (quickly) I call Godfather!	no

 Ross: You can't just call Godfather. Don't you think her brother should be Godfather?	no

 Phoebe: Ooh, I'll go in on that with you! I couldn't think of anything.	no

 Rachel: Okay. (A girl enters.)	no

 Joey: (to her) Oh, hey Katie! Everyone, this is Katie.	no

 Katie: Hi!	no

 All: Hi!	no

 Katie: Yeah, I just gotta run to the bathroom.	no

 Joey: Oh sure, right back there. (Points.)	no

 Katie: Hey, where are we going to lunch?	no

 Joey: I don't know. I mean I like her a lot, and she's really nice, but&
 Monica: But what?	no

 Ross: (opens it to reveal Phoebe) Hey!	no

 Ross: Aww.	no

 Phoebe: Yeah. Salt, so your life always has flavor.	no

 Ross: Huh.	no

 Ross: Ohh.	no

 Phoebe: And a scented candle for the bathroom, because well, y'know.	no

 Ross: Thanks. Thanks. And thanks again.	no

 Phoebe: Yeah! (The door across the hall opens and a guy walks into Ross's apartment.)	no

 Guy: Hi!	no

 Ross: Hi!	no

 Guy: Welcome to the building. I'm uh, Steve Sarah; I'm president of the tenants committee.	no

 Ross: Oh hi! Ross Geller. And this is my friend Phoebe.	no

 Ross: Howard?	no

 Ross: Oh that's nice.	no

 Ross: Oh. Uhh&
 Ross: No-no, it's not that, it's just&
 Ross: No wait, look. Look! I'm sorry, it's just I've never even met Howard. I-I mean I don't know Howard.	no

 Ross: Yes but too me he's just, man.	no

 Phoebe: Yeah. I really like his glasses.	no

 Rachel: Hmm. Look, Ross, if you want your neighbors to like you, why don't you just pay the hundred bucks? The party's gonna cost you way more than that.	no

 Ross: It doesn't matter! It's my principles! We're talking about my principles!	no

 Ross: Oh, they'll like me. Once they come to my awesome PAR-TAY! Okay, I gotta run. I gotta go get some nametags. (Exits.)	no

 Rachel: Umm, Chandler, you do realize that those ideas are probably already in Monica's head.	no

 Chandler: Wh-wh-why?!	no

 Rachel: Well, because she loves you and because you love her.	no

 Chandler: Yeah, so, what's that supposed to mean?!	no

 Rachel: Hey, Chandler, don't freak out! I'm telling you something you already know! Come on, she broke up with Richard because he didn't want to have babies. And she's a woman, and she's almost 30, and y'know it's Monica.	no

 Chandler: Okay. It's not different at all, is it?	no

 Monica: Isn't this great?	no

 Monica: Are you okay?	no

 Chandler: Yeah, I'm cool. Casual.	no

 Monica: What-what are you doing?	no

 Monica: Man, I knew it! I knew you were going to do this!!	no

 Chandler: What?!	no

 Monica: Get all freaked out because everybody was talking and just joking around about marriage and stuff.	no

 Chandler: Well, you do want all that stuff, right?	no

 Chandler: Yes! You want babies! You have baby fever!	no

 Monica: I do not have baby fever!	no

 Monica: Have you lost your mind? Chandler, this isn't about me! This is about you and all your weird relationship commitment crap!	no

 Chandler: Well, I did not know that. Commercial Break	no

 Chandler: It's gonna be okay, right? I mean she's not gonna leave me? This is, this is fixable. Ross and Joey: Oh yeah, yeah, sure. Absolutely.	no

 Chandler: By me?	no

 Ross: Oh, no!	no

 Joey: No-no.	no

 Ross: Well, unless you make some kind of big gesture.	no

 Joey: Yeah, big! (Monica enters.)	no

 Monica: Gunther, can I get a coffee (Looks at Chandler) to go?	no

 Chandler: Just tell me what I need to do to make things right.	no

 Monica: What?!	no

 Chandler: Well, that's what we do. Y'know, I-I mess up and then you tell me how to fix it and then I do and then y'know you think I'm all cute again.	no

 [Scene: Ross's apartment, he's having his party, only he's the only guest. He gets up and puts on a nametag that says Ross, but doesn't quite like it. So he takes it off and puts on one that says Dr. Geller and he puts the Ross one underneath the Dr. Geller one. Then as he turns off the music, we hear the party for Howard raging in the apartment across the hall.] Party Guests: (chanting) Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! (Ross goes to investigate the noise) Howard! Howard! Howard! (They're holding Howard above their heads.) Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! (He sees Phoebe chanting along with them.) Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Yay!!	no

 Phoebe: Oh, hi Ross!	no

 Ross: What are you doing?	no

 Phoebe: Oh, I thought this was your party and it turns out it&
 Ross: You chipped in?!	no

 Phoebe: Yeah, uh-huh, a 100 dollars.	no

 Ross: Yeah, but you're making me look bad!	no

 Phoebe: No I'm not. No! If anything I'm making you look better! They'll see you talking to me and that's--I'm a hit!	no

 Joey: Hey!	no

 Joey: Thanks! I've been working out. Hey listen, is it obvious that I'm wearing six sweaters?	no

 Joey: Well look, I&
 Katie: (entering) Hi!	no

 Joey: Hey! Hiya!	no

 Rachel: Hey! Hey, cute jacket!	no

 Katie: Oh, ow! Did Joey tell you to say that? You guys, (Punches Joey) are too much! (Punches Rachel.)	no

 Katie: Oww!!!! Joey, she just kicked me.	no

 Joey: Huh.	no

 Katie: Well? Aren't you gonna do something?	no

 Joey: Uhh&
 Katie: You'd better do something, or I'm gonna walk out that door right now! Well? Are you gonna?	no

 Ross: (trying to get her attention) Phoebe?	no

 Phoebe: Ooh. (Turns to him.)	no

 Ross: Look, this is a disaster! Can't I please just go?	no

 Ross: So uh, what did you tell them about me?	no

 Phoebe: But somehow you came off as the bad guy.	no

 Ross: What?!	no

 Phoebe: Yeah, I think I told it wrong. Y'know, we should talk about that because I don't totally understand what happened there.	no

 All: Oh yeah, aww!	no

 All: Yeah, get out! Now!	no

 Ross: Oh wow, yeah! See, I did not get that.	no

 Chandler: Where's Monica?! Where is she? I need to talk to her! It's urgent! Is she here?	no

 Monica: (raising her hand) I'm Monica.	no

 Chandler: I need to talk to you, it's urgent!	no

 Monica: Okay.	no

 Chandler: Okay, I've been doing a lot of thinking about us, y'know a lot of uhh, us thinking. And uh, well I guess there's only one-one way to do this. (He slowly and awkwardly gets down on one knee.)	no

 Monica: Wait what-wh-wh-what are you doing?!	no

 Monica: No-no, don't-don't-don't do it!	no

 Ross: Oh-no. No. No.	no

 Joey: What a bad idea!	no

 Monica: Chandler, why are you doing this?	no

 Monica: Chandler.	no

 Chandler: I'm doing this because I'm sorry?	no

 Ross: Hey!	no

 Joey: She's right y'know.	no

 Monica: Y'know what? Y'know when I said that I want you to deal with this relationship stuff all on your own? Well, you're not ready for that.	no

 Chandler: I didn't think I was! (They hug.)	no

 Monica: Oh my God, what would have done if I said yes?	no

 Joey: Oh, it's okay. You don't have to be so mean about it.	no

 Ross: This is fun. Hey Rach, remember that whole &quot;We were on a break thing?&quot; Well, I'm sorry, will you marry me? (Laughs--whines as he sees that no one is laughing. They're just staring at him in shock.)	no

 Joey: Hey!	no

 Chandler: Hey!	no

 Monica: Hey!	no

 Joey: What are you guys doing up?	no

 Joey: (thinks) Dark red.	no

 Monica: I know.	no

 Joey: All right, I'll see you in the morning. Chandler and Monica: Okay.	no

 Rachel: (looking at the bill) Uhh, we still need a tip.	no

 Rachel: A couple of bucks.	no

 Monica: Wow!	no

 Joey: (entering) Hey, you guys!	no

 Chandler: Hey!	no

 Rachel: Hey Joey!	no

 Monica: Hey.	no

 Joey: (To Monica) Hey. That uh, that my sweatshirt?	no

 Monica: Are you saying I smell bad?	no

 Monica: What's with him?	no

 Chandler: Oh, y'know what? The last time Joey went to a meadow, his mother was shot by a hunter.	no

 Rachel: What?! You say that to kids?!!	no

 Ross: No! No! No! The &quot;Come here to me&quot; is y'know for the ladies.	no

 Ross: Yeah? The Salesman: Yeah. Could you just sign right here please? (Hands him a clipboard.)	no

 Ross: Oh, sure. Whoa-whoa, what's this? The delivery charge is almost as much as the couch!	no

 Rachel: Wait! No, that's ridiculous. Come on, he lives three blocks away!	no

 Ross: Oh, come on it's only three blocks! And-and, it's not very heavy, try it! Come on! Come on!	no

 Rachel: Ross!	no

 Ross: What's that supposed to mean?	no

 Ross: Not that it's any of your business, but we did go out. The Salesman: Really? You two?	no

 Ross: Yeah! Rach?	no

 Rachel: Come on, I don't really want to be doing this right now. I am carrying a very heavy couch.	no

 Ross: Then tell him quickly.	no

 Rachel: (To Ross) Fine! (To the salesman) We went out.	no

 Ross: Not only did we go out, we did it 298 times!	no

 Phoebe: Oh. Oh! Ma'am? Excuse me, ma'am? The Smoking Woman: Yes?	no

 Phoebe: No but you shouldn't! Don't ever do that again. The Smoking Woman: I won't! (Turns away) Until I have my next cigarette.	no

 Ross: Okay. (Throws off the last cushion.)	no

 Rachel: Yeah.	no

 Ross: Good-good-good.	no

 Monica: (cooking something) Phoebe, you were supposed to take that back!	no

 Phoebe: I know but I'm having so much fun doing good deeds.	no

 Phoebe: (To Joey) Hey.	no

 Joey: (To Phoebe) Hey! (Sees that Monica's there.) Oh.	no

 Chandler: Hi, Joe.	no

 Joey: Yeah, I didn&
 Monica: Hey Joey, sweetie, taste this. (Holds out a spoon for him.)	no

 Joey: (backing away) What?! Why?!	no

 Monica: What is going on with you?	no

 Joey: Nothing!	no

 Joey: All right! There is something. I kinda had a dream, (pause) but I don't want to talk about it. (Starts for his room.)	no

 Joey: Well, it involved Monica.	no

 Joey: Don't worry, there wasn't any sex in it or anything. I haven't dreamt about her like that since I found out about you two--ish.	no

 Monica: What was the dream about?	no

 Joey: It-it doesn&
 Monica: No!	no

 Monica: Or, it could mean that-that you saw Chandler and me together and we y'know were being close and stuff and then you just want to have that with someone too.	no

 Joey: In the dream I did enjoy the closeness.	no

 Monica: Um-hmm.	no

 Chandler: Joey, look, are you attracted to Monica? Right here, right now, are you attracted to her?	no

 Joey: (looks at her) Not really.	no

 Chandler: Well there you have it!	no

 Joey: No, I don't think it's just about just getting a girlfriend. Y'know? I mean, yeah, I can get a girlfriend! Yeah, we could sit in the chair and do crosswords, but y'know are we ever going to have y'know the closeness like-like you guys have?	no

 Chandler: Well y'know, Monica and I were friends before we started dating. So maybe-maybe that's it?	no

 Joey: Friends first? That's interesting.	no

 Joey: No, never done that either.	no

 Phoebe: Excuse me, is this your car?	no

 Guy: Yeah.	no

 Phoebe: Well I don't think it's very nice of you to park here, y'know you're blocking the entrance.	no

 Guy: Don't worry about it. It's not a problem.	no

 Cop: (stopping her) Hey, wait a second! So wait, what precinct are you with?	no

 Phoebe: I-I'm with the umm, the 57th.	no

 Cop: Oh, I know a guy in homicide up there.	no

 Cop: Who-who else is in vice up there?	no

 Phoebe: Umm, do you know, umm Sipowicz?	no

 Cop: Sipowicz? No, I don't think so.	no

 Phoebe: Yeah, big guy, kinda bald.	no

 Cop: No, I don't know him.	no

 Phoebe: (starts to walk away, but stops) Don&
 Rachel: Hey! Joey, would you mind giving me and Ross a hand moving his couch?	no

 Rachel: Thanks!	no

 Joey: Uh, hey, Rach let me ask you something. Uh, I was just over there talking to Monica and Chandler, boy they are really tight.	no

 Rachel: I know.	no

 Joey: Yeah that's not such a bad situation they got going over there. I'm thinking of getting me one of those.	no

 Rachel: What's up Joe?	no

 Joey: Well, the reason I think Monica and Chandler are so great&
 Rachel: Yeah?	no

 Joey: &
 Joey: I'm saying maybe you and I crank it up a notch.	no

 Rachel: Y'know honey, umm, as uh, as flattered as I am that uh, you saw me first, uhh, I just, I-I don't think we should be cranking anything up.	no

 Joey: Won't-won't that take longer?	no

 Rachel: Yeah. Yeah. Oh, but once you find it, ohh it's so worth the wait.	no

 Ross: Come here to me. No-no, you come here to me.	no

 Rachel: (entering) Hey Ross! I brought reinforcements.	no

 Ross: Oh great! What, you brought Joey?	no

 Rachel: Well, I brought the next best thing.	no

 Chandler: (entering) Hey!	no

 Ross: Look, I-I drew a sketch about how we're gonna do it. (Showing them) Okay Rach, (points to the sketch) that's you. That's the couch. (Points again.)	no

 Rachel: Whoa-oh, what's-what's that? (Points.)	no

 Ross: Oh, that's me.	no

 Ross: No! That's-that's my arm!	no

 Rachel: Okay!	no

 Chandler: Okay.	no

 Ross: All right, ready?	no

 Ross: Turn.	no

 Chandler: Okay, I don't think we can turn anymore!	no

 Rachel: Ross, I don't, I just don't think it's going to fit.	no

 Ross: Okay, I don't think it's going to pivot anymore. Chandler and Rachel: You think?!	no

 Chandler: Okay, yeah, I think it's really stuck now.	no

 Ross: I can't believe that didn't work!	no

 Chandler: Oh, y'know, what did you mean when you said pivot?	no

 Joey: (entering) Hey!	no

 Rachel: Hey! How's it going? Did you make any new friends?	no

 Chandler: (stopping him) Hey, whoa-whoa! What's she like?	no

 Joey: Uhh, well, she's&
 Monica: Joey, I thought you were gonna try to be friends first!	no

 Joey: (To Rachel) Well look, hey, it's all your fault!	no

 Rachel: What?! Why?!	no

 Monica: What about the closeness?	no

 Joey: (entering) All right! Hey, who wants pizza?!	no

 Monica: Who is it?	no

 Cop: I'm looking for Phoebe Buffay!	no

 Phoebe: Ooh, God, it's him! It's that cop! God, I can't believe it! He found me!	no

 Cop: Yeah, but I kinda don't have a choice, it's my job. I mean, you understand right?	no

 Cop: I don't like looking foolish. Y'know what? Maybe uh, I don't arrest you today. Maybe I came by and you weren't here.	no

 Phoebe: I would love it if I weren't here!	no

 Phoebe: Me?!	no

 Phoebe: Wow! I didn't see that coming! You're-you're asking me out!	no

 Cop: Yeah. I mean, I coulda done it better, but these people keep staring at me.	no

 Cop: Gary.	no

 Phoebe: Gary.	no

 Phoebe: Yeah! So--ooh, I gotta ask you though. How did you know where to find me?	no

 Phoebe: Yeah, we'll talk at dinner.	no

 Phoebe: All right, I can't wait!	no

 Ross: That's what I'm telling you. The Saleswoman: Did you cut this couch in half?	no

 Ross: (thinks) I take it. End <!--webbot bot="ImageMap" startspan rectangle="(136,1) (193, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season5.htm" rectangle="(68,0) (126, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season5.htm" rectangle="(0,0) (59, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season5/515ghj.htm" src="../contrl08.gif" width="194" height="60" alt="contrl08.gif (14783 bytes)" border="0" --><!--webbot bot="ImageMap" i-checksum="56498" endspan -->	no

 Rachel: Good, you guys are all here!	no

 Ross: Hey! What's up?	no

 Rachel: I know!	no

 Rachel: Wh-what?!	no

 Rachel: Yeah.	no

 Rachel: O-okay!	no

 Phoebe: Okay! All right, let's start with the handshake. Hi.	no

 Rachel: Hi. (They shake hands.)	no

 Phoebe: Okay. (They shake hands and she pulls away suddenly) Oh my God! What did I ever do to you?! (Rubbing her hand.)	no

 Ross: Hey Joey! Great stuff huh?	no

 Joey: This is your place?	no

 Monica: What happened?	no

 Phoebe: All right, you go. (They kiss.)	no

 Phoebe: Oh God!	no

 Monica: What?	no

 Phoebe: Oh I just miss him so much!	no

 Monica: I know it is the best.	no

 Phoebe: So-so how long did that last for you and Chandler?	no

 Monica: What? It's still going on.	no

 Phoebe: Come on, seriously! When did it end?	no

 Monica: I-I am serious, I mean, we're, we're all over each other all the time.	no

 Monica: You are so cute. (She goes over and kisses him passionately.)	no

 Rachel: No!	no

 Chandler: So what happened?	no

 Joey: What happened?	no

 Rachel: Well, I didn't know what else to do!	no

 Monica: Yes!	no

 Rachel: What-what, wait a minute, you don't think that's why he wants me back?	no

 Joey: Yeah! (Chandler makes a noise) No?	no

 Monica: A kiss? What are you talking about?	no

 Chandler: Come on, Rach.	no

 Rachel: Oh my God! What if he thinks I'm the kind of girl that-that would just sleep with him?	no

 Monica: He probably wants you back because you're right for the job.	no

 Rachel: Maybe. I-I don't know&
 Rachel: Ohh, well I'm not totally back yet, but thank you.	no

 Joey: Damnit!! Did you move?!	no

 Rachel: Hi! Mr. Zelner: Come on in. (They go inside.) Mr. Zelner: It's really nice to see you again.	no

 Rachel: What? Mr. Zelner: Just ah&
 Rachel: Excuse me? Mr. Zelner: Here let me&
 Rachel: Okay-okay that-that's amazing. How did you know that?	no

 Rachel: Oh. (Realizes.) Ohhhhhhhhh&
 Chandler: (To Gary) So what do you say, maybe sometime I hold your gun?	no

 Chandler: Oh, what can happen? I mean, would you&
 Monica: Phoebe, do you want to go see a movie after dinner tonight?	no

 Phoebe: Oh we can't, we already have plans.	no

 Monica: What are you doing?	no

 Phoebe: You're not? Then why did you ask us if we wanted to go?	no

 Monica: Oh umm, that's because I just wanted to y'know walk in on me and Chandler while we were, y'know, doing it all night. Will you excuse me for just a second?	no

 Phoebe: Yeah!	no

 Monica: Okay. (She gets up and walks over to Chandler.) Chandler? Can I see you for a second?	no

 Chandler: Uh, yeah.	no

 Chandler: Why?	no

 Monica: 'Cause, Gary and Phoebe think they're a hotter couple than we are!	no

 Chandler: Ohh, so?	no

 Ross: I had just moved in. Thank you! Listen umm&
 Ross: Jen, I know this may sound a little&
 Jen: Sure! That would be nice.	no

 Ross: Umm?	no

 Ross: I will give you a call.	no

 Jen: I'll see you later. (Starts to walk away.)	no

 Chandler: That was amazing!	no

 Monica: We are the hottest! Huh? No one is hotter than we are! You're the best.	no

 Chandler: No, you're the best.	no

 Monica: No, you're the best.	no

 Chandler: No, you're the best.	no

 Monica: I am the best. (Just as they start to get up, Joey walks in.)	no

 Monica: (looking out the window) Hey Joey! Isn't that the girl that waved at you the other day?	no

 Monica: Why?	no

 Monica: What are you talking about? (Pointing out the window.) She obviously lives on the second floor, seventh apartment from the left!	no

 Joey: No. No. No. She lives on the third floor, eighth apartment from the left.	no

 Ross: So uhh, you ready?	no

 Jen: Sure, I'll just get my coat. (There's a knock on the door.) Could you get that?	no

 Rachel: (looks around for the camera) Okay. Umm, well, first I would like to start by apologizing for kissing you and uh, for yelling at you. Mr. Zelner: Fair enough.	no

 Monica: Phoebe, you have a, a twig in your hair.	no

 Phoebe: Ohh, (laughs) umm, we kinda took a little detour on the way over here.	no

 Monica: You didn't!	no

 Monica: Hi Chandler.	no

 Chandler: Monica! This is the Men's room! (Pause) Isn't it?	no

 Monica: Come on, we can't let them win!	no

 Monica: I feel really sad that we're not&
 Monica: Wasn't it a lot more exciting when we were y'know all over each other all the time?	no

 Monica: Really?	no

 Chandler: Yeah?	no

 Monica: Yeah. (They hug.)	no

 Chandler: Y'know what I just realized? You just freaked out about our relationship.	no

 Monica: Did not.	no

 Chandler: Yes you did! Admit it! You freaked out!	no

 Monica: Okay, I freaked out a little.	no

 Monica: Thank God! I can't watch him anymore!	no

 Joey: Okay, pick a card.	no

 Joey: All right now, memorize it. (Pause) You got it?	no

 Chandler: Oh yes.	no

 Ross: Hi!	no

 Chandler: Hi there!	no

 Joey: Luck!	no

 Phoebe: Okay, let's discuss Rachel's birthday. I say we throw a surprise party this weekend.	no

 Joey: Whoa-whoa, but her birthday isn't like for another month.	no

 Phoebe: Yeah but if we throw her a party on her birthday, then it's not a surprise.	no

 Monica: I think it's a great idea. Yeah, we could have a dinner party and just invite her close friends.	no

 Joey: Ross!! We're having a surprise party for Rachel!!	no

 Ross: (from the bathroom) Okay!!	no

 Joey: Done.	no

 Phoebe: Okay, great so do you want to do it together?	no

 Monica: I would love to do it together! (Joey starts to giggle.)	no

 Chandler: Dude! That's my girlfriend!	no

 Joey: What, so I gotta shut it down now?	no

 Ross: Yeah.	no

 Joey: Whoa-whoa dad? There's a dad in the commercial?	no

 Ross: You're not his godfather.	no

 Joey: What?! Are you kidding?!	no

 Joey: Hey! I'm in, they're gonna let me audition!	no

 Ross: Really? That's great!	no

 Joey: I look more like him than you do! (He winks at Carol.)	no

 Carol: Y'know, I don't really know you well enough for you to do that.	no

 Kim: I don't know which one, but I do know I need a cigarette. So what do you say we take a break, we go outside, and we'll figure this out when we come back? (They all get up to leave.)	no

 Kim: (at the door) Rachel? Do you smoke?	no

 Rachel: Oh no, my dad's a doctor and he would always tell me just horror stories&
 Rachel: &
 Monica: That doesn't seem fair.	no

 Chandler: Yeah, it is the best.	no

 Rachel: Yeah, I can do that.	no

 Chandler: Yeah, or you can do the easy thing and smoke.	no

 Phoebe: (entering) Hey!	no

 Monica: Hey!	no

 Phoebe: Hey Rach, you wanna get some coffee?	no

 Rachel: I would love to!	no

 Phoebe: Oh good!	no

 Phoebe: Oh good. (They all start out.)	no

 Phoebe: Oh, look at that.	no

 Phoebe: What happened to the intimate dinner party?	no

 Monica: Oh, we're not doing that. Okay&
 Monica: What?! I didn't take care of everything, there's-there's plenty of things for you to do!	no

 Phoebe: Like what?	no

 Monica: (Thinks) Cups.	no

 Phoebe: Cups? You're giving me cups?	no

 Monica: And ice!	no

 Monica: Wait a minute, I can get ice at the restaurant&
 Phoebe: I got it! Mine!	no

 Ross: (entering, downtrodden) Hi.	no

 Ross: Not so good.	no

 Joey: (Happily) Yeah I did!	no

 Kim: Hey Rachel, what are you doing out here?	no

 Rachel: Oh great!	no

 Nancy: Oh, sorry!	no

 Rachel: Oh that's okay.	no

 Kim: No-no-no, we'll move you just stay right there. (They walk away.)	no

 Nancy: So anyway I sent the designs over to Ralph and he's very excited about the line.	no

 Nancy: I thought you didn't smoke.	no

 Kim: We get high.	no

 Rachel: Oh, me too.	no

 Kim: I'm kidding.	no

 Rachel: (Laughs) Oh, me too.	no

 Carol: Is it a good sign that they asked us to hang around after the audition?	no

 Joey: Man, this is gonna be kinda weird.	no

 Ross: Yeah, it is.	no

 Kyle: Yeah. It's gonna be weird.	no

 Ross: No, we-we're gonna be like best friends, that's why it's gonna be weird.	no

 Chandler: Ah sure. What's in 'em?	no

 Phoebe: Umm, cups.	no

 Ross: Seriously that's a lot of cups.	no

 Phoebe: Okay, time to bring up the rest of the cups. (She goes and opens the door to Joey.) Oh, hi Joey!	no

 Joey: Hey Pheebs! (To the guys) Hey!	no

 Ross: Hey!	no

 Joey: Ross good, I'm uh glad you're here. I wanna talk to you about something.	no

 Ross: What's up?	no

 Joey: That's it? You're-you're gonna let me do this?! This-this is my career we're talking about here!	no

 Ross: Well, you just&
 Ross: What?!	no

 Joey: What? Chandler! Tell 'em!	no

 Ross: What?!	no

 Joey: Do you know how hard this is gonna be on him when he doesn&
 Ross: And why wouldn't he get it?	no

 Joey: You just give him a spoon baby!	no

 Ross: Oh yeah? I guess we'll just see!	no

 Ross: You're kid's name is Raymond!	no

 Monica: (To Rachel) How did work go?	no

 Rachel: Oh it was great! It was great! I went down there just like you said, y'know? And we talked business. Kim totally took my opinions.	no

 Monica: You stink!	no

 Rachel: Thanks!	no

 Monica: No, I'm-I'm serious!	no

 Rachel: Well-well that's 'cause I went down there and they were all smoking. This is actually the smell of success.	no

 Chandler: Okay, there's something different though--Oh my God! You smoked!	no

 Rachel: I did not!	no

 Rachel: All right, fine! But I had too! I had to do it for my career!	no

 Monica: That's so gross!	no

 Kim: So, we're decided, no on plaid, yes on pink?	no

 Nancy: Absolutely!	no

 Kim: Rachel didn't you just light that?	no

 Rachel: Yeah, I did, but y'know what? I am really, really trying to cut back, y'know? (Laughs) Good luck, Rach.	no

 Nancy: Tell me about it!	no

 Rachel: Well then let's just quit! We'll just quit! Let's all quit!	no

 Kim: It does sound appealing.	no

 Nancy: Oh, I never could do it.	no

 Kim: Oh y'know, we really should quit. Okay, let's quit!	no

 Carol: Thanks. (Exits.)	no

 Joey: Okay. (They do it again.)	no

 Joey: Hmm, soup. (Pause.) I mean, noodle soup. I mean soup!	no

 Rachel: Hey! Hey-hey-hey!!	no

 Kim: Uh-oh, busted!	no

 Rachel: Come on you guys! What are doing?! I thought we were the patch sisters!	no

 Kim: Yeah. That didn't work out.	no

 Nancy: Rachel we tried to quit, but it was too hard!	no

 Kim: No. No! You're doing great! Don&
 Rachel: Oh wait, no-no-no! Drag me down. Drag-drag me down.	no

 Rachel: Okay. (Starts to walk away.)	no

 Kim: (to Nancy) So, okay! So you'll come with me on the Paris trip.	no

 Rachel: (hearing that) Oh man!	no

 Chandler: Great job with the cups, Pheebs!	no

 Chandler: Awesome!	no

 Monica: Chandler! Everyone--no one's eating my Tuscan finger food 'cause they're all filling up on Phoebe's snow cones!	no

 Chandler: There are snow cones! (Monica glares at him.) Snow cones! Yuck!	no

 Monica: Y'know&
 Chandler: Thank you! Thank you! (Runs to the snow cone machine.) (Rachel enters.)	no

 All: Surprise!!	no

 Rachel: What?! What?! My birthday's not for another month!	no

 Monica: That's the surprise!	no

 Rachel: Oh my God! You guys this is so great! I mean it's so unexpected! I mean Chandler's birthday is even before mine! (Everyone stops and looks at Chandler, who's nodding.)	no

 Phoebe: I was in charge of cups.	no

 Ross: Hey!	no

 Joey: Hey.	no

 Ross: Listen man, uh, I'm sorry the audition didn't go so well.	no

 Ross: No really, I-I am! I feel bad!	no

 Joey: Yeah? Well look Ross, you don't have to. Okay? It's not your fault I suck. I mean what kind of an actor can't even say, &quot;Hmm, noodle soup.&quot; (Nods his head in disgust.)	no

 Ross: Yeah y'know what? Maybe-maybe you didn't mess up your audition because you suck, maybe you messed up because you care more about uh, your godson.	no

 Joey: What you do mean?	no

 Joey: Wait-whoa-whoa, you lost me.	no

 Joey: Well, you're way sounds a lot better than mine. (Thinks about it.) Yeah. Yeah! It's not that I'm a bad actor&
 Ross: No!	no

 Ross: There you go. Thank you!	no

 Joey: Thank you! So, did-did he get it?	no

 Ross: No.	no

 Joey: Eh, what are you gonna do? Ending Credits	no

 Chandler: (to Kim and Nancy) Oh, hi! Excuse me, is uh Rachel Green here? I was supposed to meet her for lunch.	no

 Kim: Oh, she doesn't come down here any more. You can find her up on ten.	no

 Ross: Hey!	no

 Chandler: Hey!	no

 Chandler: Oh, okay. (Hands her the money.) Here you go. (The duck starts quacking.)	no

 Caitlin: Hey, where's the chicken?	no

 Caitlin: (laughs) Great. I'll see you later!	no

 Ross: What the hell was that?!	no

 Chandler: What?	no

 Ross: The flirting! Aren't you supposed to be going out with, I don't know hmm, let's say my sister?!	no

 Chandler: I was not flirting.	no

 Ross: Yeah, right.	no

 Ross: (backing away) I'm good. Opening Credits	no

 Rachel: I am so proud of Joey, I can't believe he's going to be on Law &amp; Order!	no

 Phoebe: I know. But don't you think that it should be called Order and Law?	no

 Rachel: No because first they arrest the guy and then they try him.	no

 Phoebe: Don't get me started on that. (Ross and Chandler enter with the pizzas.)	no

 Chandler: I was not flirting.	no

 Ross: And on your anniversary, for shame!	no

 Rachel: What's going on?	no

 Ross: Chandler was hitting on the hot delivery girl!	no

 Chandler: I was not and oh God, shh!	no

 Ross: Well&
 Rachel: Ross! We broke up two years ago; you've been married since then. I think it's okay that we see other people.	no

 Ross: Well, I-I was watching her the other day at the pizza place.	no

 Ross: This is perfect! She'll have to come back here with your pizza, and when she does, I'll turn on the Charm-O-Ross. Oh I'm so glad you don't eat meat.	no

 Joey: (entering, with his grandmother) Hey everybody, look who's here! You remember my grandmother!	no

 Rachel: Big night!	no

 Phoebe: This is so cool!	no

 Chandler: So, Joey on Law &amp; Order, you must be very proud!	no

 Joey: Chandler, she doesn't understand a word of English.	no

 Monica: (entering from the bathroom) Hey! Happy Anniversary!	no

 Chandler: Happy Anniversary, 10 months! (They kiss.)	no

 Monica: So umm, when I was in the shower I was thinking about our first night in London&
 Monica: Is that the one that speaks English or the one that doesn't?	no

 Chandler: The one that doesn't.	no

 Monica: That was some hot love you gave me! I'm gonna go get ready.	no

 Chandler: Okay.	no

 Monica: (runs over to Phoebe) You have got to go home!	no

 Phoebe: But I like it here!	no

 Phoebe: Okay, well I think that they're in my purse. Why don't you go get dressed and I'll look for them.	no

 Monica: Great!	no

 Joey: Wow Pheebs, you speak Italian?	no

 Rachel: (She enters and hands Phoebe the earring) Here you go. Thank you!	no

 Phoebe: Wait, Rach! Where's the other one?	no

 Rachel: Oh what, you-you want both of them?	no

 Phoebe: Rachel Karen Green, where's the other earring?!	no

 Rachel: Okay, okay, okay, look, just don't freak out, but I kinda lost it. I know it's in the apartment, but I definitely lost it.	no

 Phoebe: Well, what am I going to tell Monica? She wants to wear them tonight!	no

 Phoebe: Why not?	no

 Joey: Oh umm, my big scene is coming up. Big scene coming up.	no

 Rachel: Oh boy, I just can't watch. It's too scary!	no

 Monica: It's a diaper commercial.	no

 Rachel: Oh yeah well, you know me, babies, responsibilities, ahhh!!! (There's a knock on the door.)	no

 Caitlin: Pizza delivery!	no

 Ross: I'll get it! I will get that! (Runs over and opens the door.)	no

 Caitlin: Hi!	no

 Ross: Hi!	no

 Ross: Oh. Uh, by the way, if it makes you feel any better. I happen to like 8-year-old boys.	no

 Caitlin: What?!	no

 Caitlin: Oh. Thanks.	no

 Ross: You understand I don't actually like 8-year-old boys.	no

 Caitlin: Y'know, all I'm looking for is the money.	no

 Chandler: Here you go. (Hands her the money.) Now stop bringing us pizzas you.	no

 Caitlin: I'm gonna try. (Walks away and Ross closes the door.)	no

 Chandler: You're welcome.	no

 Ross: You couldn't let me have her, could ya?!	no

 Chandler: What?	no

 Ross: Chandler was totally flirting with the hot delivery girl!	no

 Monica: It's okay. I don't care. It's uh, it's fine.	no

 Ross: Really?!	no

 Chandler: Really?!	no

 Monica: It's no big deal, I do it all the time.	no

 Monica: Sure! It doesn't mean anything! Just like I know it doesn't mean anything with you!	no

 Chandler: Okay, but there is a big difference. You are a lot hotter than I am.	no

 Monica: Chandler, this actually bothers you?	no

 Chandler: Yes, it does bother me! And I think it would bother a lot of people. Rachel, when you were going out with Ross, did it bother you when he flirted with other women?	no

 Rachel: But y'know, I never really had anything to worry about. Ross was never very good at the flirting thing.	no

 Rachel: Ohh! Thank God! Where was it?	no

 Monica: What?	no

 Chandler: (smiling) Well, what is it?	no

 Joey: (smiling) Oh, they cut me out of the show.	no

 Rachel: (smiling) What?!	no

 Ross: (smiling) Are you sure?	no

 Phoebe: (smiling) Maybe your scene's coming up?	no

 Joey: (smiling) Not likely.&nbsp; 'Cause you see that body bag right there	no

 Rachel: (smiling) Yeah.	no

 Joey: (smiling) I'm in it. Commercial Break	no

 Phoebe: (smiling) This is terrible, what are you going to do?	no

 Phoebe: (not smiling) That's not good.	no

 Joey: (smiling) No, smile! Not that face, smile! Everybody smile! (They all smile.)	no

 Rachel: (smiling) Joey, why don't you just tell her what happened? It's not your fault.	no

 Joey: No-no-no, that-that's me, that's me. Grandma Tribbiani: No, it's Sam Waterston! Crimes and Misdemeanors, Capricorn One.	no

 Phoebe: But I already gave them back to you!	no

 Monica: No you didn't.	no

 Phoebe: All right, I already didn't give them back to you, that's what I said. (Walks away over to Rachel.) Where is that other earring?	no

 Rachel: It's not here Pheebs, it's not here. Ohh, I went to Joey and Chandler's last night! Okay! (Goes to the door.)	no

 Phoebe: Make sure you check Chandler's jewelry box.	no

 Rachel: Wait a minute. Chandler has a jewelry box?	no

 Phoebe: Okay, we have like ten minutes. Do you want me to get into that now?! (Rachel heads for Joey and Chandler's and Phoebe heads for the kitchen to find Ross.)	no

 Phoebe: (she just looks at him) Why are you being weird?	no

 Ross: Do you like it?	no

 Phoebe: No, that would be, &quot;Why are you being cute?&quot;	no

 Ross: Okay, I'm working on my flirting.	no

 Phoebe: Ohh! I did not get that. [Cut to Chandler and Monica on the couch.]	no

 Chandler: So uh Monica, do you, do you like the Law &amp; Order?	no

 Monica: Yeah, it's good.	no

 Monica: No way!	no

 Chandler: It's true.	no

 Monica: Well that's pathetic!	no

 Chandler: Again true.	no

 Monica: And this goes for all guys?	no

 Joey: (To Ross in the kitchen) All right, it's another commercial; I still haven't told her!	no

 Joey: I know, I know! What am I going to do? (Thinks) Ooh!	no

 Rachel: (entering) (To Phoebe) (whispering) Hey!	no

 Phoebe: Did you find it?	no

 Rachel: The earring? No. But look, I found my sunglasses under the couch! I've been looking for these since like last summer. (Puts 'em on.)	no

 Phoebe: (To Rachel) What are we going to do?!	no

 Rachel: I don't know, I don't know.	no

 Phoebe: All right well, we're just gonna have to tell Monica, that's all.	no

 Phoebe: Mon, can I talk to you for a sec?	no

 Monica: Yeah, what is it?	no

 Monica: (shocked) Wow! All right well, I mean, what can you do? If you lost it you lost it.	no

 Phoebe: No.	no

 Monica: Look at you! Come here! (They hug.) Feel better?	no

 Phoebe: Yeah! You're the best!	no

 Rachel: Your sunglasses?!	no

 Monica: Yes!	no

 Phoebe: Oh, right! (Hands Monica back her sunglasses.)	no

 Caitlin: (from outside) Pizza!	no

 Chandler: Okay, hold on. (Pauses as he readies himself.) Okay. (Walks away.)	no

 Ross: You'll see. Okay. (Readies himself.) Oh, what's-what's her name?	no

 All: Caitlin! Grandma Tribbiani: Caitlin!	no

 Ross: Okay, (gets the money) so, do you make the pizzas in one of those uh, wood-burning ovens?	no

 Caitlin: No actually umm, I think that they're umm, gas.	no

 Ross: (to Caitlin) Hey uh, y'know that smell gas has?	no

 Ross: They put that in.	no

 Caitlin: What?!	no

 Caitlin: (getting more desperate to leave) Well okay!	no

 Ross: A lot of other gas smells&
 Caitlin: Y'know what umm, actually I, I really, I should go.	no

 Ross: Oh but I-I-I haven't paid you yet!	no

 Ross: (To All) Was I talking to her about gas?	no

 Phoebe: I-I-I found it interesting.	no

 Rachel: I'm sorry.	no

 Rachel: Okay, well, I'm gonna clear out some of these boxes. (She grabs a couple of the old pizza boxes and exits.)	no

 Ross: Yeah?	no

 Caitlin: Oh, is there a problem?	no

 Rachel: Yeah.	no

 Caitlin: The guy with the gas?!	no

 Caitlin: Really?!	no

 Rachel: Well y'know, we have 7 people and like 10 pizzas, what do you think?	no

 Caitlin: I just, I thought Joey was there.	no

 Rachel: (entering) Hey Ross? Umm, I just ran into Caitlin in the hallway and-and uh, you must be getting better at this flirting stuff than I thought.	no

 Ross: What do you mean?	no

 Rachel: Well, I don't get it, but she wanted me to give you her phone number. (Hands him the slip of paper with the phone number on it.)	no

 Ross: And she just gave you this?	no

 Rachel: Yeah!	no

 Ross: Rach, thanks but uh, I don't need you doing me any favors.	no

 Rachel: I-I-I didn't! I didn't! She thought you were cute.	no

 Ross: Well that I can believe.	no

 Joey: (entering) Hey! Is the show still on?	no

 Chandler: Almost over man.	no

 Joey: That's right!	no

 Phoebe: Oh no!	no

 Joey: (to his grandmother) That's uh, scenes from next week's show. Next week's!	no

 Phoebe: I am definitely gonna watch that! Ending Credits	no

 Monica: What about these? These look the same?	no

 Phoebe: Definitely!	no

 Phoebe: Oh, then no. (Goes over to Chandler.)	no

 Chandler: (To Monica) Hey!	no

 Monica: Hi!	no

 Chandler: You ready?	no

 Monica: Yeah.	no

 Monica: Ohh, you're about to get a little luckier.	no

 Chandler: (looking at them) They look great! Does your boyfriend have the best taste or what?	no

 Monica: Okay, guys, listen, don't forget that tomorrow is the day that Emily gets married again, so whatever we do, just try to really keep Ross's mind off of it.	no

 Joey: Oh, yeah, good idea. (Ross returns.)	no

 Chandler: Hey man, what's up?	no

 Ross: (sits down at the table) Oh, eh, just thinking about Emily getting married tomorrow. (Joey panics.)	no

 Joey: Ooh, Ross, look! Look! (Points behind Ross.)	no

 Ross: (turning and looking) What? Where?	no

 Joey: Right over there! Right there! Look-look-look!	no

 Ross: What am I looking at?	no

 Joey: (to the rest of the gang) Somebody help me out here!	no

 Phoebe: (entering, with Gary) Hey!	no

 Monica: Hey!	no

 Joey: You got to go on a ride along?!	no

 Phoebe: Uh-huh!	no

 Joey: I want to go on a ride along!	no

 Ross: Me too!	no

 Chandler: Yeah, yeah! Me too!	no

 Chandler: Yeah.	no

 Chandler: Well, I like danger.	no

 Chandler: Tonight? You-you didn't say it was going to be at nighttime. Opening Credits	no

 Rachel: Hey!	no

 Monica: Hey! Oh, I'm so glad you're home, I thought tonight we could finally organize these photos!	no

 Rachel: Ohh, it's me and La Poo! Wow! I miss that dog.	no

 Monica: You can also find him under umm, dog and dead.	no

 Monica: All right, hand me that other box of photos; that's the very last one.	no

 Rachel: Okay. (She picks up the box and the bottom falls out, spilling all of the pictures onto Monica's neat little piles.)	no

 Rachel: No honey, it's okay! Listen, I'll got to Ross's and get the blender, you get all the margarita stuff ready.	no

 Monica: Nah, while you're at Ross's if you see any lying around&
 Rachel: What?!	no

 Ross: (to Gary) That was so cool man, the way you leaned on that guy.	no

 Chandler: It is starting to get dark out there.	no

 Ross: (to Gary) He told you everything! I mean you totally cracked him!	no

 Ross: Oh hey, Gary, want me to grab the berry for ya?	no

 Ross: It's the&
 Joey: Oh-ho, yeah!	no

 Joey: Yep!	no

 Chandler: Your tax dollars?	no

 Joey: Did I say you could smell it?!	no

 Joey: Okay, imagine the best sex you've ever had.	no

 Chandler: Okay.	no

 Joey: Are you thinking about Monica?	no

 Chandler: Yeah.	no

 Joey: Yeah, what's that like?	no

 Rachel: Hey! What's up?!	no

 Rachel: So all we have is ice?	no

 Rachel: Oh. Oh! (Takes a slug of tequila.)	no

 Ross: So where are we going next?	no

 Chandler: Sur-surprise him? We're not, we're not gonna make anybody mad are we?	no

 Ross: Hey, I'm more cop than you two!	no

 Chandler: How do you figure that?	no

 Ross: Yeah, no problem. (Tries to turn it off.)	no

 Emily: (on answering machine) Are you thinking about me? Of course you're not, but if you are, call me tonight. Okay, bye.	no

 Rachel: (does Monica's) I know!	no

 Monica: Well thank God you were here! I mean, we have to erase that!	no

 Rachel: What?! We can't do that!	no

 Monica: Y'know what, this is obviously some kind of twisted joke she's trying to play on him.	no

 Rachel: Noooooooo!	no

 Ross: What is it?	no

 Ross: What? What? What? What is it?	no

 Joey: Is everything okay?	no

 Chandler: What's going on?	no

 Joey: (To Ross) You okay man?	no

 Ross: Uh-huh. Thank Joey!	no

 Chandler: Uh, HELLO!!	no

 Joey: Hi. Commercial Break	no

 Monica: All right, I guess we should go.	no

 Rachel: No, wait. Wait.	no

 Rachel: No, Monica! Monica! We have to fix this!	no

 Monica: There's nothing we can do. You erased the message!	no

 Rachel: Yeah well unless we tell him.	no

 Ross: (on the machine) Hey Ross! It's you! I just want you to remember this feeling. You are lucky to be alive! So live everyday to the fullest. Love yourself, okay? Okay. Oh, and also get stamps. Bye! (He hangs up.)	no

 Rachel: Right?	no

 Ross: Pheebs, we had the most incredible night! Okay, so, we're in the car&
 Phoebe: Hi!	no

 Phoebe: My God, Joey!	no

 Chandler: (pouting) It was a car backfire!	no

 Ross: Yeah, but-but he didn't know that!	no

 Joey: Yeah, I didn't know that.	no

 Ross: And it could've just as easily have been a bullet.	no

 Phoebe: Okay!	no

 Phoebe: Bye! Ross and Joey: Bye! (They leave as Ross stares in awe at Joey.)	no

 Joey: Is something wrong?	no

 Joey: Okay.	no

 Chandler: You dove in front of Ross! Ross!	no

 Joey: That's what this is about! Oh my God, you hate Ross!	no

 Chandler: I do not hate Ross!	no

 Joey: Of course you do! I saved him! You're mad at me! It all adds up! You want Ross out of the picture.	no

 Chandler: What picture?	no

 Joey: I don't know, but I don't like what I'm hearing!	no

 Joey: Ohh, you're upset because you think I chose Ross over you! No! I&
 Chandler: When it comes down to it, you would risk your life for Ross before you would for me. That's the bottom line.	no

 Joey: I know it doesn't make much sense&
 Joey: Look Chandler, it was instinct! Okay? I just went for it!	no

 Chandler: So you didn't uh, choose Ross before me.	no

 Joey: No! I would never do that! You-you're like my brother!	no

 Chandler: Really?!	no

 Joey: How good is that?	no

 Joey: See?	no

 Joey: Oh-whoa-hey, dude, what are you doing?!	no

 Chandler: I thought you were showing me how much you mean to me.	no

 Rachel: Hey! Hi!	no

 Ross: Rach, what uh, what are you doing here?	no

 Rachel: Okay, just a little scared. What's going on Ross?	no

 Rachel: What?! What? What happened?!	no

 Ross: Okay, okay, we were on the ride along with Gary, right?	no

 Rachel: Yeah!	no

 Ross: And somebody took a shot at me!	no

 Ross: (stares at her briefly) Okay, why are you here?	no

 Ross: You talked to her?	no

 Rachel: No, she left a message. (He starts for the machine.) (Stopping him.) But it-it kinda got erased. There's just (Pause) something wrong with your machine.	no

 Ross: Well, okay, what-what did she say?	no

 Ross: Wow!	no

 Rachel: Now, that-that was a good thing that I told you, right?	no

 Ross: Huh? Yeah! Yes, of course!	no

 Rachel: Okay. Thank you! Thank you! Because&
 Ross: Right. I guess, I guess I should call Emily.	no

 Rachel: Okay, no, that's not the right decision. That's not, that's not right, no Ross-Ross, come on! I mean, that woman made you miserable! Okay, Ross, do you really want to get back into that?	no

 Ross: Huh.	no

 Rachel: I mean, look-look today you escaped (Pause) (Not believing it) death, y'know? And maybe this is a chance for you to escape getting back together with Emily?	no

 Rachel: Well, there you go!	no

 Ross: Yeah. Maybe today is just, close call day.	no

 Rachel: (laughing) Close call day.	no

 Ross: Hey, thanks Rach. (They hug.)	no

 Rachel: Ohh, honey no problem. Okay. (Gets up.)	no

 Ross: Oh wait-wait-wait! The message is blinking. Maybe you didn't erase it.	no

 Rachel: No. (She heads for the door again.)	no

 Rachel: Yeah.	no

 Ross: Yeah, I want my money back.	no

 Ross: Hey Pheebs, has Gary ever been shot at for real?	no

 Phoebe: Yes. Once. Yeah, a little. He kinda did it to himself. It's not really a good story.	no

 Monica: Man, I would be great in a war! I mean, I really, I think I would make a fantastic military leader. I mean I know I would make General way before any of you guys.	no

 Ross: I know where Joey would be. He would be down in the foxhole protecting all of us.	no

 Joey: Yeah, hero sandwiches. (Points at Ross who points back.)	no

 Phoebe: I'm fine, thanks.	no

 Phoebe: Nope. (Chandler nods in agreement.) [Cut to Gary and Monica at the counter.]	no

 Monica: So it looks like it's going really well for you two, huh?	no

 Monica: (shocked) Oh my God!	no

 Monica: I think that is so great! When are you gonna ask her?	no

 Phoebe: Okay. Bye! (Gary exits and Monica rejoins them.)	no

 Phoebe: So, what movie should we see?	no

 Phoebe: What?! Really?!	no

 Monica: He just told me at the counter. He made me promise not to tell, but I couldn't hold it in any longer!	no

 Phoebe: I can't believe this!	no

 Monica: Relax! It's Phoebe! Not you!	no

 Phoebe: No, I like him a lot but I don't think I'm ready for this!	no

 Chandler: So, what are you gonna do?	no

 Chandler: Me?! Why me?	no

 Phoebe: Because you are so afraid of commitment! You talk to him, make him scared like you! Make him a&
 Chandler: (To Phoebe, behind Monica's back) Still terrified, I'll take care of it. No problem. (When Monica turns back he smiles and kisses her, when she turns away he nods that he'll do it to Phoebe.) Opening Credits	no

 Joey: Hey, what time is it?	no

 Ross: (looks at his watch) 2:17.	no

 Ross: Are you serious?!	no

 Joey: Yeah. I realized it about a half-hour ago but I didn't want to say anything 'cause I didn't want to jinx it.	no

 Ross: Wow! We are pretty good at this! Hey! We totally forgot about lunch!	no

 Rachel: (entering) Hey, you guys&
 Joey: Hey!	no

 Rachel: Is Monica here? Joey and Ross: No.	no

 Rachel: All right listen umm, I just bought something I'm not sure she's gonna like it, and it's gonna seem a little crazy, but this is something that I wanted since I was a little girl.	no

 Ross: You bought Shawn Cassidy!	no

 Ross: What-what is it?!	no

 Joey: What the hell is that?!!	no

 Rachel: It's a, it's a cat!	no

 Rachel: Yes it is!	no

 Rachel: Excuse me! But this is a purebred, show-quality Sphinx cat!	no

 Ross: How much did you pay for that?	no

 Rachel: Well, it was a little extravagant, but I a pretty good deal.	no

 Ross: Yeah? How much?	no

 Rachel: A thousand bucks.	no

 Ross: ON A CAT??!!!!	no

 Joey: It's not a cat!	no

 Joey: It's not a cat!	no

 Joey: Uhh, the ball thing.	no

 Ross: Yeah?	no

 Joey: Hey Ross, wouldn't it be great if we could go two straight hours without dropping it?!	no

 Ross: Uhh, yeah it would! Let's do it!	no

 Joey: (catches the ball) Uh-oh.	no

 Ross: What?	no

 Joey: I have to pee. And Rachel's in the bathroom! [Cut to Chandler and Joey's, Ross is seen throwing the ball into the bathroom, presumably where Joey is currently using the facilities.]	no

 Joey: Man, I didn't think we were gonna make it!	no

 Chandler: You mean scared.	no

 Chandler: Yeah, I think I do! Y'know what? You move in with her! You move in with her right now! Maybe I should in with Monica!	no

 Chandler: (pause) Yeah, you're right about that.	no

 Monica: (entering) Hey guys!	no

 Joey: Hi!	no

 Monica: Joey, I left my watch on the counter last night. (Goes to the counter) It was right here, where is it?	no

 Joey: I don't know.	no

 Monica: All right, come on, I'm-I'm late for work!	no

 Monica: What?!	no

 Ross: Monica, whatever you do, do not drop that ball!	no

 Monica: Really?! [Time lapse, Monica has joined in and is calling to get out of work.]	no

 Ross: Hey Rach!	no

 Rachel: Hey.	no

 Ross: Check it out! Almost 3 hours without droppin' it!	no

 Monica: Rach?	no

 Rachel: Yeah?	no

 Rachel: Well, it's my cat.	no

 Monica: (shocked) What?!	no

 Rachel: Oh yeah, I got a cat.	no

 Monica: I don't want a cat!	no

 Joey: Oh, don't worry, it's not a cat.	no

 Ross: Yeah.	no

 Monica: (To Rachel) What?! You paid a thousand dollars for a cat when you owe me 300!!	no

 Rachel: Well, I was gonna let you play with it.	no

 Monica: There's nothing to tell! He's just some guy I work with!	no

 Phoebe: Just, 'cause, I don't want her to go through what I went through with Carl- oh!	no

 Monica: Okay, everybody relax. This is not even a date. It's just two people going out to dinner and- not having sex.	no

 Chandler: Alright, so I'm back in high school, I'm standing in the middle of the cafeteria, and I realize I am totally naked.	no

 All: Oh, yeah. Had that dream.	no

 Chandler: Then I look down, and I realize there's a phone... there.	no

 Chandler: That's right.	no

 Joey: Never had that dream.	no

 Phoebe: No.	no

 Chandler: Finally, I figure I'd better answer it, and it turns out it's my mother, which is very-very weird, because- she never calls me! [Time Lapse, Ross has entered.]	no

 Ross: (mortified) Hi.	no

 Monica: Are you okay, sweetie?	no

 Monica: (explaining to the others) Carol moved her stuff out today.	no

 Joey: Ohh.	no

 Phoebe: Fine!&nbsp; Be murky!	no

 Monica: No you don't.	no

 Ross: No I don't, to hell with her, she left me!	no

 Joey: And you never knew she was a lesbian...	no

 Ross: No!! Okay?! Why does everyone keep fixating on that? She didn't know, how should I know?	no

 Ross: I told mom and dad last night, they seemed to take it pretty well.	no

 Ross: Sorry.	no

 Joey: Strip joint! C'mon, you're single! Have some hormones!	no

 Monica: Rachel?!	no

 Rachel: Oh God Monica hi! Thank God! I just went to your building and you weren't there and then this guy with a big hammer said you might be here and you are, you are!	no

 Waitress: Can I get you some coffee?	no

 Monica: (pointing at Rachel) De-caff. (to All) Okay, everybody, this is Rachel, another Lincoln High survivor. (to Rachel) This is everybody, this is Chandler, and Phoebe, and Joey, and- you remember my brother Ross?	no

 Rachel: Hi, sure!	no

 Monica: So you wanna tell us now, or are we waiting for four wet bridesmaids?	no

 Monica: Who wasn't invited to the wedding.	no

 Rachel: Look Daddy, it's my life. Well maybe I'll just stay here with Monica.	no

 Monica: Well, I guess we've established who's staying here with Monica...	no

 Rachel: I'm all better now.	no

 Monica: Okay, look, this is probably for the best, y'know? Independence. Taking control of your life.&nbsp; The whole, 'hat' thing.	no

 Joey: (comforting her) And hey, you need anything, you can always come to Joey. Me and Chandler live across the hall. And he's away a lot.	no

 Monica: Yes!	no

 Rachel: Please, no, go, that'd be fine!	no

 Monica: (to Ross) Are, are you okay? I mean, do you want me to stay?	no

 Ross: (choked voice) That'd be good...	no

 Monica: Okay, umm-umm, I'll just--I'll be right back, I just gotta go ah, go ah...	no

 Monica: (yelling from the bedroom) Shut up, Joey!	no

 Ross: So Rachel, what're you, uh... what're you up to tonight?	no

 Rachel: Well actually thanks, but I think I'm just gonna hang out here tonight.&nbsp; It's been kinda a long day.	no

 Ross: Okay, sure.	no

 Joey: Hey Pheebs, you wanna help?	no

 Joey: I'm thinking we've got a bookcase here.	no

 Chandler: It's a beautiful thing.	no

 Chandler: I would have to say that is an 'L'-shaped bracket.	no

 Joey: Which goes where?	no

 Joey: Done with the bookcase!	no

 Chandler: All finished!	no

 Joey: Hey-hey-hey-hey, if you're gonna start with that stuff we're outta here.	no

 Monica: Oh my God!	no

 Monica: That's right.	no

 Joey: Shut up!	no

 Monica: Oh, so there is gonna be a fifth date?	no

 Monica: Yeah... yeah, I think there is. -What were you gonna say?	no

 Monica: (pause)...Yeah. Yeah, I do.	no

 Joey: Right.&nbsp; Thanks.&nbsp; It's June.&nbsp; I'm outta here. (Exits.)	no

 Ross: Y'know, here's the thing. Even if I could get it together enough to- to ask a woman out,... who am I gonna ask? (He gazes out of the window.) [Cut to Rachel staring out of her window.] Commercial Break	no

 Rachel: Isn't this amazing? I mean, I have never made coffee before in my entire life.	no

 Monica: Stop!	no

 Monica: We'll talk later.	no

 All: Okayyy! (They do so.)	no

 Rachel: So, like, you guys all have jobs?	no

 Joey: Yeah, I'm an actor.	no

 Rachel: Wow! Would I have seen you in anything?	no

 Joey: Look, it was a job all right?	no

 Joey: I will not take this abuse. (Walks to the door and opens it to leave.)	no

 Monica: So how you doing today? Did you sleep okay? Talk to Barry? I can't stop smiling.	no

 Rachel: Oh, yeah.	no

 Monica: Well, it's like that. With feelings.	no

 Monica: I think we are getting a little ahead of selves here. Okay. Okay. I am just going to get up, go to work and not think about him all day. Or else I'm just gonna get up and go to work.	no

 Monica: What for?	no

 Rachel: I'm gonna go get one of those (Thinks) job things. (Monica exits.)	no

 Frannie: Hey, Monica!	no

 Monica: Hey Frannie, welcome back! How was Florida?	no

 Frannie: You had sex, didn't you?	no

 Monica: How do you do that?	no

 Joey: (sitting on the arm of the couch)Of course it was a line!	no

 Monica: Why?! Why? Why, why would anybody do something like that?	no

 Monica: I hate men!&nbsp; I hate men!	no

 Monica: I just thought he was nice, y'know?	no

 Rachel: Guess what?	no

 Ross: You got a job?	no

 Rachel: Uh, credit card.	no

 Rachel: Um... my... father.	no

 Monica: C'mon, you can't live off your parents your whole life.	no

 Phoebe: Give her a break, it's hard being on your own for the first time.	no

 Rachel: Thank you.	no

 Ross: The word you're looking for is 'Anyway'...	no

 Monica: All right, you ready?	no

 Rachel: No.&nbsp; No, no, I'm not ready!&nbsp; How can I be ready?&nbsp; &quot;Hey, Rach!&nbsp; You ready to jump out the airplane without your parachute?&quot;&nbsp; Come on, I can't do this!	no

 Rachel: I don't think so.	no

 Ross: C'mon, cut. Cut, cut, cut,...	no

 Rachel: Y'know what?&nbsp; I think we can just leave it at that.&nbsp; It's kinda like a symbolic gesture...	no

 Monica:&nbsp; Rachel!&nbsp; That was a library card!	no

 Monica: Well, that's it (To Ross) You gonna crash on the couch?	no

 Ross: No. No, I gotta go home sometime.	no

 Ross: Yeah.	no

 Rachel: Hey Mon, look what I just found on the floor. (Monica smiles.) What?	no

 Rachel: Sorry-	no

 Ross: No no no, go-	no

 Rachel: No, you have it, really, I don't want it-	no

 Ross: Split it?	no

 Rachel: Okay.	no

 Rachel: I knew.	no

 Ross: You did! Oh.... I always figured you just thought I was Monica's geeky older brother.	no

 Rachel: I did.	no

 Rachel: Yeah, maybe...	no

 Ross: Okay... okay, maybe I will...	no

 Monica: See ya.... Waitwait, what's with you?	no

 Joey: I can't believe what I'm hearing here.	no

 Monica: What? I-I said you had a-	no

 Monica: (to Phoebe) Would you stop?	no

 Phoebe: Oh, was I doing it again?	no

 Ross: There's an image.	no

 Rachel: I'm just serving it.	no

 Customer: (To Rachel) Ahh, miss? &nbsp; More coffee?	no

 Monica: What you guys don't understand is, for us, kissing is as important as any part of it.	no

 Phoebe: Oh, yeah!	no

 Rachel: Everything you need to know is in that first kiss.	no

 Monica: Absolutely.	no

 Marsha: Well, she has issues.	no

 Ross: Does she.	no

 Ross: (trying to ignore her) No. No.	no

 Marsha: Yes, it is. Carol! Hi!	no

 Ross:Hi.	no

 Carol: So.	no

 Ross: Well... you never know. How's, um.. how's the family?	no

 Ross: Why- why are you here, Carol?	no

 Phoebe:...Then I've already seen this one! (Turns off the TV.)	no

 Phoebe: She's already fluffed that pillow... Monica, you know, you've already fluffed that- (Monica glares at her.) -but, it's fine!	no

 Monica: Look , I'm sorry, guys, I just don't wanna give them any more ammunition than they already have.	no

 Phoebe: Monica- Hi! Um, Monica, you're scaring me. I mean, you're like, you're like all chaotic and twirly. And not-not in a good way.	no

 Joey: Yeah, calm down. You don't see Ross getting all chaotic and twirly every time they come.	no

 Chandler: (looking out the window) Ew, ew, ew, ew ew ew ew ew!	no

 Monica: What?	no

 Chandler: Ugly Naked Guy got a Thighmaster!	no

 Rachel: Oh God, oh God, oh God oh God oh God oh God.... (Starts to look under the couch cushions.)	no

 Phoebe: No, look, don't touch that!	no

 Monica: Easy Rach, we'll find it. (To all) Won't we! Chandler and Joey: Oh! Yeah!	no

 Joey: Alright, when'd'ya have it on last?	no

 Chandler: You don't get a lot of 'doy' these days...	no

 Rachel: I know I had it this morning, and I know I had it when I was in the kitchen with...	no

 Chandler: ...Dinah?	no

 Monica: You didn't.	no

 Rachel: Oh, I am sorry...	no

 Monica: (puts down the lasagne) I just... can't do it.	no

 Ross: (standing outside the door).....Hi.	no

 Monica: Wow. That is not a happy hi.	no

 Phoebe: (while everyone else is stunned) Ooh! I found it!	no

 Ross: Well, Carol says she and Susan want me to be involved, but if I'm not comfortable with it, I don't have to be involved.. basically it's entirely up to me.	no

 Monica: What does she mean by 'involved'?	no

 Ross: Anyway, they want me to go down to this- sonogram thing with them tomorrow.	no

 Rachel: So what are you gonna do?	no

 Monica: Curry. Mrs. Geller: Mmmm!	no

 Ross: I- I think they're great! I, I really do. Mr. Geller: (To Ross) Do you remember the Ludwins? The big one had a thing for you, didn't she? Mrs. Geller: They all had a thing for him.	no

 Ross: Aw, Mom...	no

 Monica: I'm sorry, why is this girl going to call me? Mrs. Geller: Oh, she just graduated, and she wants to be something in cooking, or food, or.... I don't know. Anyway, I told her you had a restaurant-	no

 Monica: Ross, could you come and help me with the spaghetti, please?	no

 Ross: Yeah. (They go to the kitchen.) Mrs. Geller: Oh, we're having spaghetti! That's.... easy.	no

 Ross: Must pee. (Goes to pee.)	no

 Phoebe: Y'know, it's even worse when you're twins.	no

 Rachel: You're twins?	no

 Phoebe: Yeah. We don't speak. She's like this high-powered, driven career type.	no

 Chandler: What does she do?	no

 Rachel: All right, you guys, I kinda gotta clean up now. (They all start to leave.)	no

 Ross: ...How long was I in there?	no

 Rachel: I'm just cleaning up.	no

 Ross: D'ya.. uh.. d'ya need any help?	no

 Rachel: Oh.. a little..	no

 Rachel: A lot.	no

 Rachel: Oh, you've got Carol tomorrow.. When did it get so complicated?	no

 Ross: Got me.	no

 Rachel: Remember when we were in high school together?	no

 Ross: Yeah.	no

 Rachel: I mean, didn't you think you were just gonna meet somone, fall in love- and that'd be it? (Ross gazes at her.) ..Ross?	no

 Ross: Yes, yes!	no

 Ross: Me either... (He pulls up a stool so that he doesn't have to move his hand.)	no

 Susan: Hi.	no

 Ross: How could I forget?	no

 Susan: Ross.	no

 Carol: Dr. Oberman.	no

 Ross: ..Dr. Oberman. Okay. And is he-	no

 Susan: She.	no

 Carol: Thanks.	no

 Ross: (picks up a surgical instrament and mimes a duck with it) Quack, quack..	no

 Robbie: Huh?!	no

 Rachel: I'm- uh- I'm okay... You look great!	no

 Rachel: I dumped him.	no

 Robbie: Okay.	no

 Carol: Give me a 'for instance'.	no

 Ross: Well, uh, uh, I don't know, okay, okay, how about with the, uh, with the baby's name?	no

 Carol: Marlon-	no

 Ross: Marlon?!	no

 Carol: -if it's a boy, Minnie if it's a girl.	no

 Ross: ...As in Mouse?	no

 Carol: As in my grandmother.	no

 Carol: Julia..	no

 Rachel: Oh, not much. I-I got a job.	no

 Rachel: Why are- why are you so tanned?	no

 Rachel: Oh no. You went on our honeymoon alone?	no

 Robbie: Me?!	no

 Rachel: Oh! Well, um.. (Grabs his forehand) You've got plugs!	no

 Rachel: Okay..	no

 Rachel: What?	no

 Robbie: Me. (Spits.)	no

 Carol: No, I mean it's not Geller.	no

 Susan: It's my baby too.	no

 Ross: No no no, she gets a credit, hey, I'm in there too.	no

 Ross: Oh my God.	no

 Susan: Look at that.	no

 Ross: Well? Isn't that amazing?	no

 Joey: What are we supposed to be seeing here?	no

 Ross: Then don't do that, alright?	no

 Phoebe: Okay!	no

 Ross: Wh- are you welling up?	no

 Monica: No.	no

 Ross: You are, you're welling up.	no

 Monica: Am not!	no

 Ross: You're gonna be an aunt.	no

 Phoebe: (entering) Hi guys!	no

 Phoebe: Um, not so good. He walked me to the subway and said 'We should do this again!'	no

 Rachel: What? He said 'we should do it again', that's good, right?	no

 Rachel: Since when?	no

 Rachel: And everybody knows this?	no

 Chandler: Yeah, it's like when you're a kid, and your parents put your dog to sleep, and they tell you it went off to live on some farm.	no

 Monica: Uh, Ross.	no

 Chandler: &quot;So how does it feel knowing you're about to die?&quot;	no

 Chandler: Hey, that was really good!	no

 Joey: Thanks! Let's keep going.	no

 Joey: &quot;I just wanna go back to my cell. 'Cause in my cell, I can smoke.&quot;	no

 Joey: What?	no

 Chandler: Relax your hand! (Joey lets his wrist go limp.)	no

 Chandler: Not so much!	no

 Joey: Whoah!	no

 Chandler: Hey!	no

 Joey: Hey!	no

 Chandler: Alright.. okay. No. Give it to me.	no

 Joey: No no no, I am not giving you a cigarette.	no

 Joey: Y'miss it?	no

 Joey: That's ridiculous!	no

 All: Yeah. Yeah, excellent.	no

 Joey: Y'okay, Phoebe?	no

 Monica: What did they do to you?	no

 Phoebe: It's nothing, it's just- Okay. I'm going through my mail, and I open up their monthly, you know, STATEMENT-	no

 Ross: Easy.	no

 Phoebe: - and there's five hundred extra dollars in my account.	no

 Joey: What are you talking about? Keep it!	no

 Phoebe: It's not mine, I didn't earn it, if I kept it, it would be like stealing.	no

 Rachel: Chandler, what are you doing?	no

 Ross: What is this?!	no

 Chandler: I'm smoking. I'm smoking, I'm smoking.	no

 Phoebe: Oh, I can't believe you! You've been so good, for three years!	no

 Chandler: All right! I'm putting it out, I'm putting it out. (He drops it in Phoebe's coffee.)	no

 Phoebe: Oh, no! I- I can't drink this now!	no

 Monica: Alright. I'm gonna go change, I've got a date.	no

 Monica: 'S'going pretty good, y'know? It's nice, and, we're having fun.	no

 Joey: So when do we get to meet the guy?	no

 Monica: No. Not after what happened with Steve.	no

 Monica: Look, I don't even know how I feel about him yet. Just give me a chance to figure that out.	no

 Rachel: Well, then can we meet him?	no

 Monica: Nope. Schhorry.	no

 Paula: Listen. As someone who's seen more than her fair share of bad beef, I'll tell you: that is not such a terrible thing. I mean, they're your friends, they're just looking out after you.	no

 Joey: Let it go, Ross.	no

 Ross: Yeah, well, you didn't know Chi Chi.	no

 Monica: Do you all promise?	no

 Ross: Hey, Pheebs.	no

 Monica: Hi. Alan, this is everybody. Everybody, this is Alan.	no

 Alan: Hi.	no

 All: Hi, Alan.	no

 Alan: I've heard schho much about all you guyschh! (Everyone laughs.) [Time lapse, Alan is leaving.]	no

 Monica: C'mon!	no

 Rachel: What future boyfriends? Nono, I th- I think this could be, y'know, it.	no

 Ross: You know what I like most about him, though?	no

 Ross: The way he makes me feel about myself.	no

 Monica: Hi.. how was the game?	no

 Ross: Well..	no

 Joey: Alan.	no

 Monica: Can I ask you guys a question? D'you ever think that Alan is maybe.. sometimes..	no

 Ross: What?	no

 Ross: Yeah, it's his, uh, innate Alan-ness that-that-that we adore.	no

 Phoebe: Hey, Lizzie.	no

 Lizzie: Hey, Weird Girl.	no

 Lizzie: Saltines?	no

 Phoebe: I know.	no

 Lizzie: Weird Girl, what are you doing?	no

 Phoebe: No, I want you to have it. I don't want it.	no

 Lizzie: No, no, I ha-I have to give you something.	no

 Phoebe: Oh, that's fine, no.	no

 Phoebe: No. 'Cause you need that. No, it's okay, thanks.	no

 Lizzie: Please, let me do something.	no

 Phoebe: Okay, alright, you buy me a soda, and then we're even. Okay?	no

 Lizzie: Okay.	no

 Phoebe: Okay.	no

 Lizzie: Keep the change. (To Phoebe) Sure you don't wanna pretzel?	no

 Phoebe: No, I'm fine.	no

 Lizzie: (leaves) See ya. (Phoebe opens the can and reacts.)	no

 Phoebe: Huh!	no

 Phoebe: Does, um, anyone wanna see?	no

 All: Oh, hey, don't do that! Cut it out!	no

 Chandler: Hey, this is so unfair!	no

 Monica: Oh, why is it unfair?	no

 Joey: ...Does the knuckle-cracking bother everybody?	no

 Rachel: Well, I-I could live without it.	no

 Joey: Well, is it, like, a little annoying, or is it like when Phoebe chews her hair? (Phoebe spits out her hair.)	no

 Ross: Oh, now, don't listen to him, Pheebs, I think it's endearing.	no

 Joey: Oh, (Imitating Ross) &quot;you do, do you&quot;? (Monica laughs and snorts.)	no

 Ross: You know, there's nothing wrong with speaking correctly.	no

 Rachel: &quot;Indeed there isn't&quot;... I should really get back to work.	no

 Monica: Did you ever go out with a guy your friends all really like?	no

 Paula: No.	no

 Monica: Okay.. Well, I'm going out with a guy my friends all really like.	no

 Paula: Waitwait.. we talking about the coyotes here? All right, a cow got through!	no

 Monica: Can you believe it? ...Y'know what? I just don't feel the thing. I mean, they feel the thing, I don't feel the thing.	no

 Paula: Honey.. you should always feel the thing. Listen, if that's how you feel about the guy, Monica, dump him!	no

 Monica: I know.. it's gonna be really hard.	no

 Paula: Well, he's a big boy, he'll get over it.	no

 Joey: Do you have any respect for your body?	no

 Rachel: (holding the phone out to Chandler) Chandler? It's Alan, he wants to speak to you.	no

 Rachel: (to Ross, who has wandered up) God, he's good.	no

 Ross: If only he were a woman.	no

 Monica: (entering) Hey. Where's Joey?	no

 Rachel: I think he's across the hall.	no

 Monica: Thanks. (Goes to fetch him.)	no

 Ross: Hey, I might!	no

 Joey: (dragged in by Monica, he has just gotten out of the shower) What's going on?	no

 Monica: Nothing. I just think it's nice when we're all here together.	no

 Rachel: Uh, Joey..	no

 Monica: (turns off the TV) Okay..	no

 Phoebe: Wait, wait, I'm getting a deja vu...no, I'm not.	no

 Monica: Alright, we have to talk.	no

 Phoebe: There it is!	no

 Monica: Okay. It's-it's about Alan. There's something that you should know. I mean, there's really no easy way to say this.. uh.. I've decided to break up with Alan. (They all gasp and clutch each other.)	no

 Ross: Is there somebody else?	no

 Monica: No, nononono.. it's just.. things change. People change.	no

 Joey: So that's it? It's over? Just like that?	no

 Monica: Look, I- I could go on pretending-	no

 Joey: Okay!	no

 Monica: -but that wouldn't be fair to me, it wouldn't be fair to Alan- It wouldn't be fair to you!	no

 Ross: Who-who wants fair? Y'know, I just want things back. Y'know, the way they were.	no

 Monica: I'm sorry..	no

 Monica: Are you guys gonna be okay?	no

 Ross: Hey hey, we'll be fine. We're just gonna need a little time.	no

 Monica: (dubious) I understand.	no

 Monica: I'm, I'm really sorry.	no

 Alan: Yeah, well, I had a great time with you.. I just can't stand your friends. Closing Credits	no

 Rachel: Remember when we went to Central Park and rented boats?.. That was fun.	no

 Monica: (entering) Hi.	no

 Monica: Oh, y'know..	no

 Phoebe: Did he mention us?	no

 All: No no no!	no

 Chandler: (returns) Yeah, alright. End	no

 Monica: Alright. Phoebe?	no

 Chandler: Uh, if I were omnipotent for a day, I'd.. make myself omnipotent forever.	no

 Monica: Hey, Joey, what would you do if you were omnipotent?	no

 Joey: Probably kill myself!	no

 Monica: ..Excuse me?	no

 Ross: Joey, uh- OMnipotent.	no

 Joey: You are? Ross, I'm sorry.. Opening Credits	no

 Monica: How does she do that?	no

 Monica: Would you look at her? She is so peaceful.	no

 Ross: It's okay, y'know, you just nodded off again.	no

 Monica: What's going on with you?	no

 Phoebe: I got no sleep last night!	no

 Ross: Why?	no

 Monica: Well, if you want, you can stay with Rachel and me tonight.	no

 Phoebe: Thanks. (Chandler and Joey enter.&nbsp; Joey is counting his steps.)	no

 Joey: ...Ninety-five, ninety-six, ninety-seven. See, I told you! Less than a hundred steps from our place to here.	no

 Joey: (to Ross) Hey! Here's the birthday boy! Ross, check it out: hockey tickets, Rangers-Penguins, tonight at the Garden, and we're taking you.	no

 Chandler: Happy birthday, pal!	no

 Joey: We love you, man. (Kisses Ross)	no

 Joey: So?	no

 Chandler: Well, aren't we Mr. &quot;The glass is half empty.&quot;	no

 Ross: Oh my God, oh- is today the twentieth, October twentieth?	no

 Monica: Oh, I was hoping you wouldn't remember.	no

 Joey: What's wrong with the twentieth?	no

 Chandler: Eleven days before Halloween.. all the good costumes are gone?	no

 Joey: The hell with hockey, let's all do that!	no

 Ross: What are you doing?	no

 Chandler: (stops) I have no idea.	no

 Joey: C'mon, Ross!	no

 Rachel: Look-look-look-look-look, my first pay check! Look at the window, there's my name! Hi, me!	no

 Monica: Wow, you worked in a mine?	no

 Chandler: (looking) Oh, this is not that bad.	no

 Monica: Yeah, yeah.	no

 Rachel: What are you guys doing here?	no

 Kiki: Well, we were in the city shopping, and your mom said you work here, aaand it's true!	no

 Ross: Carol was wearing boots just like those the night that we- we first- y'know. Fact, she, uh- she never took'em off, 'cause we-we- (off Chandler's look) Sorry. Sorry. (They walk on.&nbsp; Chandler and Joey start to talk but Ross stops and whines.)	no

 Joey: What?	no

 Ross: Peach pit.	no

 Chandler: Yes, Bunny?	no

 Ross: (points) Peach pit. That night we, uh- we had-	no

 Joey: -Peaches?	no

 Ross: Actually, nectarines, but basically...	no

 Rachel: So c'mon, you guys, tell me all the dirt!	no

 Rachel: Okay.	no

 Rachel: What? Guys, I'm not.	no

 Rachel: I'm not! This is what I'm doing now. I've got this job-	no

 Rachel: What's that?	no

 Monica: Weeeell, it's rum, and-	no

 Phoebe: Ooh! Ooh! And I brought Operation! But, um, I lost the tweezers, so we can't operate. But we can prep the guy!	no

 Rachel: Oh, God, ask them what they want.	no

 Rachel: But I haven't used my card in weeks!	no

 Monica: (pauses then on the phone) Uh- Rachel has left the building, can you call back?	no

 Rachel: Alright, c'mon! (Miserably) Let's play Twister!	no

 Ross: No, actually I was just saying it looks like we're not sitting together. But now you mention it, there was ice there that night... It was the first frost...	no

 Monica: You should feel great about yourself! You're doing this amazing independence thing!	no

 Rachel: Monica, what is so amazing? I gave up, like, everything. And for what?	no

 Phoebe: You are just like Jack.	no

 Phoebe: No, Jack and the Beanstalk.	no

 Monica: Ah, the other Jack.	no

 Phoebe: Oh, see, Jack did love the cow.	no

 Phoebe: Floopy?	no

 Rachel: Yeah.	no

 Monica: So what, you're not the only one. I mean, half the time we don't know where we're going. You've just gotta figure at some point it's all gonna come together, and it's just gonna be... un-floopy.	no

 Phoebe: Oh, like that's a word.	no

 Rachel: Okay, but Monica, what if- what if it doesn't come together?	no

 Monica: ...Pheebs?	no

 Phoebe: Oh, well... 'cause.... you just... I don't like this question.	no

 Rachel: Okay, see, see, you guys, what if we don't get magic beans? I mean, what if all we've got are.. beans?	no

 Ross: Get him! GET HIM! Get him! Get- YESSS! Not laughing now, are ya pal!	no

 Chandler: He's open!	no

 Chandler: (to the receptionist)'Scuse me.	no

 Receptionist: Well, you'll have to wait your turn.	no

 Joey: Well, how long do you think it'll be?	no

 Ross: Hey, this- (she gives him a look and the guys back off) Heyy...	no

 Rachel: I'm so sorry, you guys. I didn't mean to bring you down.	no

 Monica: No, you were right. I don't have a plan. (There's a knock on the door.) Pizza Guy: (yelling from outside) Pizza guy!	no

 Rachel: Thank God. Food. (She goes to answer the door.)	no

 Monica: Phoebe?	no

 Phoebe: What?	no

 Monica: Do you have a plan?	no

 Monica: Was he wearing a stunning blue suit?	no

 Phoebe: And-and a power tie? Pizza Guy: No, pretty much just a towel.	no

 Monica: (staggered) Oh God. Pizza Guy: So you guys want me to take this back?	no

 Rachel: Uh, Pheebs? Who's George Snuffalopagus?	no

 Phoebe: Big Bird's friend.	no

 Monica: I see pizza!	no

 Rachel: Hello? Who are we spying on?	no

 Monica: White House adviser? Clinton's campaign guy? The one with the great hair, sexy smile, really cute butt?	no

 Rachel: Oh, him, the little guy? Oh, I love him!	no

 Phoebe: Ooh, wait.. wait, I see a woman.	no

 Monica: Please tell me it's his mother.	no

 Phoebe: Definitely not his mother.	no

 Monica: Oh, no...	no

 Monica: Light still out?	no

 Rachel: Yeah.	no

 Monica: Oh. Maybe they're- napping.	no

 Rachel: Oh please, they're having sex. Monica and Phoebe: Shut up!	no

 Monica: I think he's shy.	no

 Phoebe: Yeah?	no

 Monica: Yeah. I think you have to draw him out. And then- when you do- he's a preppy animal.	no

 Ross: I remember the moonlight coming through the window- and her face had the most incredible glow.	no

 Ross: Look, it's just a little more complicated...	no

 Chandler: Then what?	no

 Joey: What?	no

 Ross: It was my first time.	no

 Phoebe: Uh-huh.	no

 Monica: What?! You slept with Jason?	no

 Phoebe: You'd already broken up.	no

 Rachel: How long?	no

 Phoebe: A couple hours.	no

 Monica: Excuse me?!	no

 Rachel: I was laughing! You made me laugh! (Monica and Rachel start to squabble)	no

 Phoebe: There he is! There he is!	no

 Monica: Where?	no

 Phoebe: Right- where we've been looking all night!	no

 Rachel: He is so cute!	no

 Monica: Oh, George, baby, drop the towel!	no

 Chandler: I think it's great. Y'know, it's sweet, it's romantic...	no

 Joey: Really?	no

 Ross: Fun? Where was the fun? Tell me specifically, which part was the fun part? Where's my puck?	no

 Joey: Oh, ah- the kid has it.	no

 Ross: The kid...? (To the kid) Excuse me, uh, that's, that's my puck.	no

 Chandler: You gotta do it, man.	no

 Kid: No.	no

 Kid: No! No! (They start to fight over it.)	no

 Receptionist: Hey! Hey! No rough holding in my ER!	no

 Ross: (tries to snatch it from the kid) GIVE ME MY PUCK!! (but it files out of his grasp and knocks out the receptionist)	no

 Ross: (Doing the spinning) Okay, Monica: Right foot red.	no

 Chandler: Thanks. (The guy nods and leaves)	no

 Rachel: Oh, okay. Will you take my place?	no

 Chandler: Alright. (on phone) Yes, this is Rachel.	no

 Ross: Green. To the green.	no

 Chandler: To the left, to the left- aww! (They all collapse)	no

 Monica: Would you let it go? It's not that big a deal.	no

 Joey: Ok, you know what blows my mind? Women can see breasts any time they want. You just look down and there they are. How you get any work done is beyond me.	no

 Joey: No plans, huh?	no

 Chandler: Oh, right, right, shut up.	no

 Phoebe: You know, if you want, I'll do it with you.	no

 Ross: Oh, yeah, last week you had a wonderful, nutty, chocolatey kind of a cakey pie thing. (Rachel gives him a dirty look) Nothing, just, just, I'm fine.	no

 Phoebe: (to Rachel) What's the matter? Why so scrunchy?	no

 Rachel: It's my father. He wants to give me a Mercedes convertible.	no

 Ross: That guy, he burns me up.	no

 Rachel: Yeah, well, it's a Mercedes if I move back home. Oh, it was horrible. He called me young lady.	no

 Monica: Did he give you that whole &quot;You're-not-up-to-this&quot; thing again?	no

 Angela: Hi, Joey.	no

 Phoebe: Are you gonna go over there?	no

 Joey: No, yeah, no, ok, but not yet. I don't wanna seem too eager. One Mississippi, two Mississippi, three Mississippi. That seems pretty cool. (he walks over to her) Hey, Angela.	no

 Angela: (casually) Joey.	no

 Joey: You look good.	no

 Ross: So, uh, Rachel, what are you, uh, what're you doing tonight?	no

 Rachel: Who?	no

 Rachel: Don't you have a laundry room in your building?	no

 Rachel: Sure. (Cut back to Joey and Angela at the counter.)	no

 Angela: Forget it Joey. I'm with Bob now.	no

 Joey: Bob? Who the hell's Bob?	no

 Joey: Come on, we were great together. And not just at the fun stuff, but like, talking too.	no

 Angela: Yeah, well, sorry, Joe. You said let's just be friends, so guess what?	no

 Joey: What?	no

 Angela: We're just friends.	no

 Joey: Fine, fine, so, why don't the four of us go out and have dinner together tonight? You know, as friends?	no

 Angela: What four of us?	no

 Joey: You know, you and Bob, and me and my girlfriend, uh, uh, Monica.	no

 Monica: (looking out window) Oh, god help us.	no

 Joey: What?	no

 Monica: Ugly Naked Guy's laying kitchen tile. Eww!	no

 Joey: Eww! Look, I'm asking a favor here. If I do this for her brother, maybe Angela will come back to me.	no

 Monica: What's going on here? You go out with tons of girls.	no

 Ross: (on phone) Ok, bye. (hangs up) Well, Monica's not coming, it's just gonna be me and Rachel.	no

 Chandler: Oh. Well, hold on camper, are you sure you've thought this thing through?	no

 Chandler: It's just you and Rachel, just the two of you? This is a date. You're going on a date.	no

 Chandler: Yuh-huh.	no

 Ross: So what're you saying here? I should shave again, pick up some wine, what?	no

 Chandler: There you go.	no

 Monica: Thank you. So what does this Bob guy look like? Is he tall? Short?	no

 Joey: Yep.	no

 Monica: Which?	no

 Joey: Which what?	no

 Monica: You've never met Bob, have you?	no

 Joey: No, but he's...	no

 Angela: Hey, Joey.	no

 Chandler: Where are they? Where are they?	no

 Chandler: Here we go.	no

 Chandler: Hey, Janice.	no

 Janice: Oh, my god, I am so glad you called me. I had the most supremely awful day.	no

 Chandler: Hey, that's not good. Can I get an espresso and a latte over here, please?	no

 Chandler: What?	no

 Janice: What?	no

 Chandler: (covering) What... did you get me there?	no

 Chandler: Well, I'm gonna get another espresso. Can I get you another latte?	no

 Chandler: That's it?	no

 Phoebe: Yeah, it was really hard.	no

 Chandler: Oh, yeah, that hug looked pretty brutal.	no

 Phoebe: Ok, you weren't there.	no

 Rachel: Oh, 'scuse me. I was kinda using that machine.	no

 Rachel: But I saved it. I put my basket on top.	no

 Rachel: What?	no

 Rachel: Hi, uh, nothing. That horrible woman just took my machine.	no

 Ross: Was your basket on top?	no

 Rachel: Yeah, but, there were no suds.	no

 Ross: So?	no

 Rachel: Well, you know, no suds, no save.	no

 Rachel: What's that?	no

 Ross: Rach, do you uh, are you gonna separate those?	no

 Ross: Rach, have you never done this before?	no

 Rachel: Well, not myself, but I know other people that have. Ok, you caught me. I'm a laundry virgin.	no

 Monica: (to Joey) He is so cute. (to Angela and Bob) So, where did you guys grow up?	no

 Joey: Oh my god.	no

 Monica: What?	no

 Joey: So, you and Angela, huh?	no

 Joey: Oh, yeah, yeah, listen for it.	no

 Joey: Yeah, but it's not gonna last. She's too much for me in bed. Sexually.	no

 Angela: Yeah, isn't he?	no

 Angela: You know what else? He's unbelievable in bed.	no

 Monica: Wow. My brother never even told me when he lost his virginity.	no

 Angela: Huh. That's nice.	no

 Chandler: Janice. Hi, Janice. Ok, here we go. I don't think we should go out anymore. Janice.	no

 Rachel: Ok, I know this is gonna sound really stupid, but I feel that if I can do this, you know, if I can actually do my own laundry, there isn't anything I can't do.	no

 Rachel: What uh-oh?	no

 Rachel: Ross, what's the matter?	no

 Rachel: Come on, show me.	no

 Ross: Yeah, uh, except for the red sock, which is still red. I'm sorry, please don't be upset, it could happen to anyone.	no

 Rachel: Except it didn't. It happened to me. Oh, god, I'm gonna look like a big marshmallow peep. What am I doing? What am I doing? My father's right. I can't live on my own! I can't even do laundry! (The woman who had tried to steal the washing machine walks by, and laughs.)	no

 Monica: Oh my god.	no

 Joey: What?	no

 Monica: Joey, this is sick, it's disgusting, it's, it's&
 Joey: Well, who's to say what's true? I mean...	no

 Monica: Oh my god, what were you thinking?	no

 Monica: (hits him lightly) Oh!	no

 Joey: Ow!	no

 Monica: (leaving) I'm outta here.	no

 Joey: Wait, wait, wait. You want him, I want her. He likes you.	no

 Monica: Really?	no

 Joey: Uh, waiter, one more plate of chicken wings over here.	no

 Janice: Ow!	no

 Chandler: Oh, my god, I'm so sorry. Are you ok?	no

 Janice: Ow. Um, it's just my lens. It's just my lens. I'll be right back. (She leaves.)	no

 Chandler: I'm fine.	no

 Phoebe: All right. (Janice returns from the bathroom.)	no

 Chandler: I'm not fine. Here she comes.	no

 Chandler: How do you do that?	no

 Phoebe: It's like a gift.	no

 Phoebe: Oh, I'd like that.	no

 Ross: You got the clothes clean. Now that's the important part.	no

 Rachel: Whoa, I'm sorry. Excuse me. We had this cart.	no

 Rachel: I'm sorry, you know, maybe I wasn't being clear. Uh, this is our cart.	no

 Rachel: All right, listen, missy. If you want this cart, you're gonna have to take me with it! (She thinks it over, and then walks away.)	no

 Rachel: (to Ross) Yes! Did you see that?	no

 Ross: You were incredible! Brand new woman, ladies and gentlemen.	no

 Rachel: Are you sure?	no

 Ross: No. Closing Credits	no

 Rachel: Oh, are you sure you're ok?	no

 Ross: Yeah.	no

 Rachel: Does it still hurt?	no

 Ross: Yeah.	no

 Monica: Hi.	no

 Joey: Excellent.	no

 Monica: (notices his head) Oh, I'm sorry.	no

 Rachel: Where's Chandler?	no

 Phoebe: That oughta do it. End	no

 Rachel: (reading the program) Ooh! Look! Look! Look! Look, there's Joey's picture! This is so exciting!	no

 Ross: Is it? Feels like two.	no

 Ross: What?	no

 Monica: Well, go over to her! She's not with anyone.	no

 Ross: He could never get a woman like that in a million years.	no

 Aurora: ...Yes?	no

 Aurora: Yes, you said that.	no

 Rachel: What is it?	no

 Chandler: Hey, kids.	no

 All: Hey.	no

 Monica: Oh, right, right. How was your date, 'Chand-lrr'?	no

 Chandler: Oh, I'm sorry, so 'we' is?	no

 Aurora: 'We' would be me and Rick.	no

 Chandler: Who's Rick?	no

 Aurora: My husband.	no

 All: Ooooohhh.	no

 Chandler: Oh, so you're divorced?	no

 Aurora: No.	no

 All: What?!	no

 Chandler: So explain something to me here, uh, what kind of a relationship do you imagine us having if you already have a husband and a boyfriend?	no

 Monica: Oh. I'm sorry it didn't work out.	no

 Chandler: What 'not work out'? I'm seeing her again on Thursday. Didn't you listen to the story?	no

 Monica: Didn't you listen to the story? I mean, this is twisted! How could you get involved with a woman like this?	no

 Phoebe: Oh, yeah. That is not true. Ross, is this your fantasy?	no

 Ross: No, of course not! (Thinks) ...Yeah, yeah, it is.	no

 Joey: I couldn't do it.	no

 Monica: Good for you, Joey.	no

 Ross: Well, y'know, monogamy can be a, uh, tricky concept. I mean, anthropologically speaking- (They all pretend to fall asleep.)	no

 Ross: Fine. Fine, alright, now you'll never know.	no

 Monica: We're kidding. C'mon, tell us!	no

 Rachel: Tah-daaah!	no

 Chandler: Are we greeting each other this way now? 'Cause I like that.	no

 Monica: ...Oh! I-I see you moved the green ottoman.	no

 Monica: How-how did that happen?	no

 Rachel: I dunno.. I-I thought it looked better there. And I- and also, it's an extra seat around the coffee table.	no

 Phoebe: (to Rachel) I can't believe you tried to move the green ottoman.	no

 Monica: You guys, I am not that bad!	no

 Phoebe: Yeah, you are, Monica. Remember when I lived with you? You were like, a little, y'know, (psycho) Ree! Ree! Ree! Ree!	no

 Monica: That is so unfair!	no

 Monica: Why not?	no

 Monica: I could do that.	no

 Monica: Why would someone do that?! ...One might wonder.	no

 Monica: STOP IT!! ...Oh my God. It's true! Who am I?	no

 Phoebe: Ree! Ree! Ree! Ree! Ree! (Joey enters and he's on the phone.)	no

 Monica: Well, what's the part?	no

 Phoebe: Seriously, what-what's the part?	no

 Joey: &quot;Just when I thought I was out, they pull me back in!&quot;	no

 Ross: C'mon, seriously, Joey, what's the part?	no

 Rachel: ..You're, you're 'mah mah mah' what?	no

 Monica: (trying not to laugh) Oh my God.	no

 Joey: C'mon, you guys. This is a real movie, and Al Pacino's in it, and that's big!	no

 Joey: Okay, okay, fine! Make jokes, I don't care! This is a big break for me!	no

 Ross: You're right, you're right, it is...So you gonna invite us all to the big opening? Commercial Break	no

 Monica: Alright, alright, alright... (Joey enters with Monica's paper and hands it to her.)	no

 Joey: Here. I need to borrow some moisturizer.	no

 Monica: For what?	no

 Joey: Thank you! (He goes into the bathroom.) (Chandler enters with the phone.)	no

 Chandler: Where's Joey? His mom's on the phone.	no

 Monica: He's in the bathroom. I don't think you wanna go in there!	no

 Monica: I warned you... (Rachel enters from her room.)	no

 Rachel: Who is being loud?	no

 Monica: Oh, you got the whole night, huh?	no

 Rachel: Ooh, do I sense a little bit of resentment?	no

 Director: Lose the robe.	no

 Joey: Me?	no

 Director: That would work.	no

 Joey: Right. Okay. Losing the robe. (He takes off the robe.) And the robe is lost.	no

 Director: And cut. Hey, Butt Guy, what the hell are you doing?	no

 Joey: Well, I'm- I'm showering.	no

 Director: No, that was clenching.	no

 Joey: I was going for quiet desperation. But if you have to ask...	no

 Chandler: God, I love these fingers...	no

 Aurora: Thank you.	no

 Chandler: Oh no nonononononnononono, don't go.. (He kisses her and pulls her back down.)	no

 Aurora: Okay.	no

 Chandler: Don't go.	no

 Aurora: Okay. Oh no, I have to.	no

 Chandler: (to himself) Too bad, she's leaving.	no

 Chandler: Well, I thought- I thought you talked to Rick.	no

 Aurora: It's not Rick.	no

 Aurora: No, it's-it's Andrew.	no

 Aurora: He's... new.	no

 Aurora: No, that's not exactly what I was..	no

 Chandler: Well, y'know, most women would kill for three guys like us.	no

 Aurora: So what do you want?	no

 Chandler: You.	no

 Aurora: You have me!	no

 Chandler: Nono, just you.	no

 Chandler: Lose the other guys.	no

 Aurora: ...Like, ...all of them?	no

 Chandler: C'mon, we're great together, why not?	no

 Chandler: ...Well, y'know, part of me wants that, but it's like I'm two guys, y'know? I mean, one guy's going 'Shut up! This is great!' But there's this other guy. Actually it's the same guy that wells up every time that Grinch's heart grows three sizes and breaks that measuring device... And he's saying, y'know, 'This is too hard! Get out! Get out!'	no

 Aurora: So... which one of the two guys will you listen to?	no

 Chandler: I don't know, I-I have to listen to both of them, they don't exactly let each other finish...	no

 Aurora: Which one?	no

 Chandler: ...The second guy.	no

 Aurora: (gets up to leave) Well, call me if you change your mind. (She kisses him, he holds her, and kisses her passionately.)	no

 Chandler: Sorry, the first guy runs the lips. (She leaves, Chandler sighs, and falls back on his bed.)	no

 Joey: Nope.	no

 Ross: No? What happened, big guy?	no

 Joey: I got fired.	no

 Rachel: Oh, Joey, you know what, no-one is gonna be able to tell.	no

 Chandler: Something so sweet and...disturbing about that.	no

 Joey: Y'know, I've done nothing but crappy plays for six years. And I finally get my shot, and I blow it!	no

 Monica: Maybe this wasn't your shot.	no

 Ross: Yeah, I mean... I think when it's your shot, y'know, you-you know it's your shot. Did it... feel like your shot..?	no

 Joey: Yeah? That's so nice! (They hug.) (Ross and Chandler look at each other and hug as well.)	no

 Monica: I'm sorry, Joey. I'm gonna go to bed, guys.	no

 Rachel: Uh, Mon, you-you gonna leave your shoes out here?	no

 Monica: (determined) Uh-huh!	no

 Rachel: Really? Just casually strewn about in that reckless haphazard manner?	no

 Monica: Doesn't matter, I'll get 'em tomorrow. Or not. Whenever. (He goes to her room.)	no

 Ross: She is a kook. Closing Credits	no

 Phoebe: Can I borrow the phone? I want to call my apartment and check on my grandma. (to Monica) What's my number? (Monica and Rachel look at Phoebe strangely.)	no

 Phoebe: Well, I never call me.	no

 Jill: (on phone) Hi Mom, it's Jill.	no

 Chandler: Jill says vestibule... I'm going with vestibule.	no

 Jill: (on phone) I'm fine. No, I'm not alone... I don't know, some guy.	no

 Joey: Hi everyone.	no

 Joey: Well, Chandler's old roomate was Jewish, and these are the only candles we have, so... Happy Chanukah, everyone.	no

 Rachel: That had to hurt!	no

 Chandler: Alright, alright, alright. It's been fourteen and a half minutes and you still have not said one word. Oh God, do something. Just make contact, smile! (Chandler smiles at her, she smiles back sweetly.)	no

 Chandler: You're definitely scaring here.	no

 Jill: (awkwardly) Would you like to call somebody? (offering phone)	no

 Monica: Hello?	no

 Chandler: Hey, it's me.	no

 Monica: (to everyone) It's Chandler! (on phone) Are you OK?	no

 Monica: What?	no

 Monica: I have no idea what you just said.	no

 Chandler: (angry) Put Joey on the phone.	no

 Joey: What's up man?	no

 Chandler: Yeah, like that thought never entered my mind.	no

 Rachel: Alright, somebody.	no

 Ross: That's my sister.	no

 Monica: Oh my God! What were you doing in a library?	no

 Ross: Pheebs, what about you?	no

 Phoebe: Oh... Milwaukee.	no

 Rachel: Um... Ross?	no

 Phoebe: Oh, Rachel.	no

 Rachel: Oh come on, I already went.	no

 Monica: You did not go!	no

 Ross: Well, it was the only thing to do there that didn't have a line.	no

 Rachel: There, well, see? Barry wouldn't even kiss me on a miniature golf course.	no

 Ross: Come on.	no

 Rachel: No, he said we were holding up the people behind us.	no

 Rachel: I mean, do you think there are people who go through life never having that kind of...	no

 Ross: Probably. But you know, I'll tell you something. Passion is way overrated.	no

 Rachel: Yeah right.	no

 Ross: But, um... I don't think that's going to be you.	no

 Rachel: You don't.	no

 Rachel: Really?	no

 Ross: Mmmm.	no

 Rachel: You do?	no

 Ross: I do.	no

 Joey: It's never gonna happen.	no

 Ross: (innocently) What?	no

 Joey: You and Rachel.	no

 Ross: I'm taking my time, alright? I'm laying the groundwork. Yeah. I mean, every day I get just a little bit closer to...	no

 Ross: I will, I will. See, I'm waiting for the right moment. (Joey looks at him) What? What, now?	no

 Ross: Shhhh!	no

 Rachel: What are you shushing?	no

 Ross: We're shushing... because... we're trying to hear something. Listen. (everyone is silent) Don't you hear that?	no

 Ross: See?	no

 Rachel: Huh. (she agrees, but looks very confused)	no

 Chandler: Um, is it sugarless?	no

 Ross: (to Joey) OK, here goes.	no

 Joey: Are you going to do it?	no

 Ross: I'm going to do it.	no

 Joey: Do you want any help?	no

 Ross: You come out there, you're a dead man.	no

 Joey: Good luck, man.	no

 Joey: Hey, where are you going?	no

 Monica: Outside.	no

 Joey: You can't go out there.	no

 Monica: Why not?	no

 Monica: And that would be?	no

 Joey: I, um, can't tell you.	no

 Monica: Joey, what's going on?	no

 Joey: OK, you've got to promise that you'll never, ever tell Ross that I told you.	no

 Monica: About what?	no

 Monica: Oh my God! I love him!	no

 Joey: (as Phoebe enters) You'd better act surprised.	no

 Phoebe: About what?	no

 Monica: My surprise party!	no

 Phoebe: What surprise party?	no

 Monica: Oh stop it. Joey already told me.	no

 Phoebe: Well, he didn't tell me.	no

 Joey: Hey, don't look at me. This is Ross's thing.	no

 Phoebe: This is so typical. I'm always the last one to know everything.	no

 Monica: No, you are not. We tell you stuff.	no

 Rachel: Hmmm... this is so nice.	no

 Rachel: OK.	no

 Ross: OK. Here goes. For a while now, I've been wanting to, um....	no

 Ross: Yes, yes, that's right...	no

 Ross: Why don't we just put 'poor little Tooty' out in the hall?	no

 Rachel: During a blackout? He'd get trampled!	no

 Phoebe: (stops at a door) Oh no, the Mendels, they hate all living things, right?	no

 Rachel: Bob Buttons? Mr. Heckles: Mmm. Bob Buttons. Here, Bob Buttons.	no

 Ross: (rolling) Lucky sixes....	no

 Rachel: (entering with Paolo, arm in arm) Everybody, this is Paolo. Paolo, I want you to meet my friends. This is Monica.	no

 Rachel: And Joey....	no

 Monica: Hi!	no

 Rachel: And Ross.	no

 Rachel: (proudly) He doesn't speak much English.	no

 Rachel: Look at that!	no

 Ross: (jealous) So, um... where did Paolo come from?	no

 Rachel: Oh... Italy, I think.	no

 Phoebe: Alright. I looked all over the building and I couldn't find the kitty anywhere.	no

 Phoebe: Ah! Well! There you go! Last to know again! And I'm guessing... since nobody told me... this is Paolo.	no

 Rachel: Ah, Paolo, this is Phoebe.	no

 Phoebe: (smiling) You betcha!	no

 Jill: Perfection?	no

 Rachel: I have absolutely no idea.	no

 Rachel: (to Monica and Phoebe) Oh my God, you guys, what am I doing? What am I doing? This is so un-me!	no

 Monica: If you want, I'll do it. (Ross looks at Joey.)	no

 Rachel: God, the first time he smiled at me... those three seconds were more exciting than three weeks in Bermuda with Barry.	no

 Ross: Paolo. Hi.	no

 Ross: Listen. Um, listen. Something you should... know... um, Rachel and I... we're kind of a thing.	no

 Ross: Thing, yes. Thing.	no

 Ross: No, no, that's not where I was going. Er, if you get in the... way, of us becoming a thing, then I would be, well, very sad.	no

 Ross: So you do know a little English.	no

 Jill: Chandler, we've been here for an hour doing this! Now watch, it's easy.	no

 Chandler: OK.	no

 Ross: Thank you.	no

 Phoebe: Thanks.	no

 Ross: Kinda... spooky without any lights.	no

 Ross: Oh.. oh... oh.	no

 Jill: Well, this has been fun.	no

 Chandler: Hi, um, I'm account number 7143457. And, uh, I don't know if you got any of that, but I would really like a copy of the tape. End	no

 Monica: Oh my God, Rachel! Hi!	no

 Chandler: Oh, hello Rachel.	no

 Chandler: Yes, we do. But, we have to change first.	no

 Monica: Yes, I want to change. And why-why don&
 Chandler: Yeah, we&
 Rachel: Okay. (The phone rings and Rachel answers it.)	no

 Rachel: Hello? Oh, Pheebs! (To them) It&
 Rachel: Hi!	no

 Phoebe: Hi, so what happened?	no

 Rachel: Well, Ross said my name.	no

 Phoebe: Yeah, I know, but I don&
 Chandler: (To Monica) Hey, listen, why don&
 Chandler: Wow, you look&
 Chandler: Well, I&
 Joey: No you don&
 Chandler: Well, we&
 Monica: You really think this is okay?	no

 Monica: Oh, it&
 Monica: Okay!	no

 Ross: (entering) Emily?!	no

 Monica: You didn&
 Ross: No, I&
 Monica: Yeah, I think you should keep looking!	no

 Monica: Or 45.	no

 Monica: Well, it&
 Chandler: Yeah, we&
 Ross: Actually, do you guys mind staying here for a while?	no

 Monica: Ugh, y&
 Ross: (disappointed) That&
 Chandler: But, we&
 Chandler: We have to leave for New York in an hour.	no

 Ross: Em-Emily? (Looking around for her.) Em-Emily? (He runs to the door.) Emily! (He opens the door to reveal the Walthams standing outside.) Mr. Waltham: No. Mrs. Waltham: You can forget about Emily, she&
 Monica: Y&
 Monica: I&
 Joey: Can I ask you something?	no

 Chandler: Uhh, no.	no

 Chandler: No.	no

 Chandler: Yes.	no

 Chandler: Okay man. (Chandler starts to get up.)	no

 Phoebe: Hey!	no

 Chandler: Hey!	no

 Joey: Hi! (They all hug.)	no

 Phoebe: (To Joey) You ate meat! (Joey is shocked) (To Chandler and Monica) You had sex! (They&
 Chandler: No we didn&
 Phoebe: I know you didn&
 Monica: Phoebe, I did not have sex.	no

 Phoebe: This pregnancy is throwing me all off.	no

 Joey: All right, I&
 Phoebe: Oh, me too!	no

 Monica: Well, we certainly are alone.	no

 Chandler: Right.	no

 Monica: Well, an-anyway, I just&
 Monica: (laughs) That&
 Monica: And you&
 Chandler: Thank you! (They hug.) All right, I gotta go unpack.	no

 Monica: Okay.	no

 Monica: That counts!	no

 Ross: Rach! Rach!	no

 Rachel: (she stops and turns) Hi!	no

 Ross: Hi! What are you, what are you doing here?	no

 Rachel: Well, I-I-I&
 Ross: Oh.	no

 Rachel: Ohh, so no sign of Emily huh?	no

 Ross: Not yet.	no

 Ross: Pretty soon I guess.	no

 Rachel: Yeah. I&
 Rachel: No, you&
 Ross: I get it! Well, that&
 Rachel: No, you know what, I think you should go.	no

 Ross: What?	no

 Rachel: Yeah, I do. I think you should go, by yourself, get some distance, clear your head, I think it&
 Ross: Oh, I don&
 Rachel: Oh, come on Ross! I think it would be really good for you!	no

 Ross: I could, yeah, I can do that.	no

 Rachel: Yeah.	no

 Ross: I can&
 Rachel: Good!	no

 Ross: I know, why not?	no

 Rachel: Right!	no

 Ross: Right?	no

 Rachel: Right!	no

 Ross: Y&
 Rachel: Okay, I&
 Ross: Yeah, well&
 Rachel: What? Wait, what?	no

 Ross: Why don&
 Rachel: Well-well, I don&
 Rachel: Uh-huh.	no

 Ross: No really, I mean, I mean, God, I could use a friend.	no

 Rachel: Oh wow, uh okay, uh maybe. Umm, yes, I can do that!	no

 Ross: Okay!	no

 Rachel: Okay!	no

 Ross: Cool!	no

 Rachel: All right!	no

 Rachel: Oh, okay, we&
 Ross: Ah! Ah! I forgot my jacket!	no

 Rachel: Oh, wait-wait-wait&
 Ross: You tell them to wait!	no

 Monica: You look cute in bubbles.	no

 Chandler: I've had a very long, hard day.	no

 Joey: Ahh, I'm gonna go get some chicken. Want some?	no

 Chandler: Ahh, no thanks. No chicken, bye-bye then.	no

 Joey: Okay. (Joey turns to leave but stops at the door.)	no

 Joey: You sure? Some extra crispy? Dirty rice? Beans?	no

 Chandler: For the last time no! Get out! Get out, Joey!	no

 Chandler: Are you okay? I'm so sorry, he wouldn't leave. He kept asking me about chicken.	no

 Monica: Chicken? I could eat some chicken.	no

 Phoebe: (entering) Hey!	no

 Chandler: Hey, Pheebs!	no

 Phoebe: What?	no

 Phoebe: Oh. Ha-ha-ha. All right, anyway&
 Monica: Wait, what that place, that pub he took us too?	no

 Chandler: Uh, The Wheatsheaf.	no

 Joey: Yeah-yeah-yeah, and they had that beer! That uh&
 Monica: Bodington's!	no

 Phoebe: Yeah, so, he had a really funny hat&
 Ross: (entering) Hey!	no

 Joey: That was good beer.	no

 Ross: Ohh&
 Joey: Y'know, I'd walk back to London for another frosty one of those bad boys.	no

 Joey: Later! (Exits.)	no

 Ross: Isn't Rachel supposed to be back by now?	no

 Ross: Oh, so-so you talked to her. Did she, did she sound mad?	no

 Ross: No, not since I lost her at the airport.	no

 Ross: HEY, SHE'S FAST!! OKAY?!! (Chandler is so shocked at Ross's outburst that he drops his spoon and backs up) Oh! You-you think you can be beat me? Let's go! Outside!!	no

 Rachel: (entering) Hi!	no

 Ross: Rach, Rach, I am so sorry. I am so-so sorry.	no

 Rachel: Oh Ross, come on! You just did what you had to do.	no

 Ross: So, what? That's it?	no

 Rachel: Well, yeah! We're cool. Totally cool.	no

 Ross: Oh, thanks. Oh, you're the best. (They hug.)	no

 Rachel: Oh no, you're the best.	no

 Monica: Rach, that's great! It's so good that you had a good time in Greece!	no

 Rachel: Yes it is! It is true! I went, I went after Ross in stupid London.	no

 Phoebe: London is stupid! Stupid!	no

 Phoebe: Oh&
 Monica: I'll do it!	no

 Rachel: That's fine. So Monica, you are now in control of my love life.	no

 Monica: Oh, Rachel, sweetie, look, here's a really cute picture of Joey and you at the reception.	no

 Rachel: Ohh, he's married! Ross is married. I can't&
 Monica: Honey, sweetie, by the edges.	no

 Rachel: I mean, y'know I'm just gonna have to accept it (She grabs the rest of the pictures)&
 Rachel: &
 Monica: Sweetie! Edges! Fingers! Smudgey! Pictures!	no

 Monica: Okay. That's okay. I-I know that you're very upset right now. I know, I know that wasn't about me.	no

 Monica: If you would stop thinking about Ross for one minute you would notice that there are great guys everywhere! I mean, look! Look, Gunther! (Gunther turns to listen in.) I mean, he's nice, he's cute.	no

 Rachel: Yeah, I guess Gunther is kinda&
 Rachel: Oh, I don't know. I don't know.	no

 Rachel: All right, you're the boss. I guess I gotta do what you tell me.	no

 Phoebe: (entering) Hey!	no

 Rachel: Hey!	no

 Joey: Hey, Pheebs!	no

 Monica: We got out pictures back from London. (Shows her one.) Here's all of us at the Tower of London.	no

 Chandler: All right, y'know what, we've been talking about London too much haven't we?	no

 Monica: What happened?	no

 Rachel: Well, y'know, a little of this, a little of that. Got myself a date tomorrow night.	no

 Monica: See, didn't I tell you?! You're getting over Ross already!	no

 Gunther: (To the guy) Get out!	no

 Monica: What took you so long?	no

 Rachel: That's not European!	no

 Rachel: Oh God, I really had a good time!	no

 Dave: Yeah, me too. (They reach her door.) So, I guess this is it.	no

 Rachel: Yeah. Umm, unless you wanna come inside?	no

 Dave: Yeah!	no

 Rachel: Umm, hi!	no

 Ross: Hi.	no

 Rachel: Is Monica around? I-I have to ask her something.	no

 Ross: She's doing her laundry.	no

 Rachel: What's that? (Points to the box.)	no

 Rachel: Oh, honey that's awful.	no

 Rachel: Y'know what Ross? You're not going anywhere. You're gonna sit right here. I'm gonna make you a cup of tea and we're gonna talk this thing whole out. All right? (She goes out to talk to Dave) Hey, Dave!	no

 Dave: Yeah?	no

 Monica: What is the matter with you?! Do you want to fall into the trap? Do you want to fall into the trap?!	no

 Rachel: Well, ultimately, I was trying y'know, I-I wanted&
 Monica: (Gasps) What?!! You cannot tell him that!!	no

 Monica: Rachel!! Come on! Let me in!	no

 Monica: Rachel locked the door.	no

 Rachel: No.	no

 Monica: I really need to talk to you.	no

 Rachel: Well, then talk!	no

 Rachel: Yes!	no

 Ross: What thing?	no

 Rachel: I'm gonna do it.	no

 Monica: All right, Rachel, I know-I know you think I'm crazy, please, before you tell him you love him, just-just try to find one person who thinks this is a good idea. Because I bet you, you can't.	no

 Rachel: But I&
 Monica: Please!	no

 Monica: Joey, I'm in!	no

 Joey: (In tremendous pain) All right. Good deal.	no

 Phoebe: Yeah?	no

 Phoebe: Yeah?	no

 Phoebe: Ohh, that's so nice! How great! Well, where? Where's the trip?!	no

 Phoebe: (excited) Central&
 Joey: Yeah, all of us! All day!	no

 Chandler: I was just trying to bring a little culture to the group.	no

 Monica: Makes me wanna puke! (Chandler looks at her, quizzically.)	no

 Ross: Hey everybody, Pheebs is here!	no

 Joey: Phoebe!	no

 Chandler: Hey, Pheebs!	no

 Phoebe: Ooh, Atlantic City! Oh, that's a great plan! Who's plan was that?	no

 Joey: Mine!	no

 Ross: Wait! It was my plan.	no

 Ross: And, I came up with Atlantic City.	no

 Monica: Okay, well, why don't we all meet upstairs in an hour?	no

 Monica: Come on Rach, let's go.	no

 Rachel: Yeah, y'know what? I'm-I'm gonna meet you upstairs in a minute.	no

 Monica: No! Rachel, you didn't find anyone so you can't tell him.	no

 Rachel: Well, y'know what, that doesn't matter.	no

 Rachel: Yeah, I-I don't care.	no

 Ross: The paper.	no

 Rachel: Yeah, what's it about?	no

 Ross: Events from around the globe.	no

 Ross: Sure. Once, at work I-I thought carbon dating was fossilized&
 Rachel: Okay, Ross, I'm really trying to tell you something here.	no

 Ross: Yeah.	no

 Rachel: Okay.	no

 Ross: Go ahead.	no

 Rachel: Umm, okay, I think I'm-I'm just gonna-just gonna say it. Just gonna say it. Uhh, (pause) I'm still in love with you Ross. (Ross is stunned.)	no

 Ross: What? What? Was that a joke? 'Cause it's mean.	no

 Rachel: (Laughing) I'm so dead serious. I'm totally serious.	no

 Ross: Why are you laughing?	no

 Rachel: (laughs) I'm sorry, that's not funny.	no

 Rachel: Oh God, ohh, okay, y'know what, do you think ah, do you think that you just forget that I told you this?	no

 Ross: Well, I kinda half to. I mean, because the thing is&
 Ross: That is what the thing is.	no

 Rachel: Ross, things aren't gonna be weird between us, right? I mean was that just the stupidest thing, me telling you that?	no

 Rachel: That's what I said! Thank you for being so nice. (They hug.)	no

 Ross: No thank you for&
 Ross: Okay, let's go!	no

 Chandler: Atlantic City!	no

 Phoebe: All right. Well, don't worry, I call shotgun! (She starts out the door.)	no

 Ross: Pheebs, Pheebs, the babies are coming now.	no

 Monica: I can't believe Phoebe's gonna have her babies!	no

 Chandler: Y'know what else I can't believe? I had to kiss Phoebe and Rachel every time I left a room, I mean it's too bad they didn't see us having sex.	no

 Monica: Do you know anything about women?	no

 Chandler: No.	no

 Monica: That's all right.	no

 Phoebe: (to the nurse) Hi.	no

 Nurse: Hi.	no

 Phoebe: Hi, yeah, hi! I'm umm, Phoebe Buffay, and I have babies coming out of me.	no

 Nurse: Okay. Have you started having contractions?	no

 Phoebe: Not yet. Umm, I heard they really hurt, do they hurt?	no

 Nurse: Well&
 Phoebe: Oh my God!	no

 Ross: It's all right.	no

 Phoebe: Oh, okay, umm, hi kids! Um, it's me, Aunt Phoebe. I can't wait to see you. Please don't hurt me! (Monica and Chandler come running in.)	no

 Monica: Well, we-we had to go back because I forget my jacket.	no

 Rachel: You-you're not wearing a jacket.	no

 Monica: Oh man! I did it again!	no

 Phoebe: What?!	no

 Phoebe: Oh my God, she's so stupid!	no

 Ross: Look, Pheebs-Pheebs, it's gonna be okay.	no

 Rachel: Honey, listen, y'know what? The nurse said the doctor is wonderful.	no

 Ross: Yeah, he's head of the department.	no

 Phoebe: All right&
 Monica: What?	no

 Chandler: Oh no.	no

 Phoebe: Ooh, it's not bad.	no

 Chandler: Okay.	no

 Chandler: Hey! You okay?	no

 Phoebe: Ooh, it's sympathy pains. Ohh, that's so sweet!	no

 Ross: Hello. Dr. Harad: Hi! Phoebe, I'm Dr. Harad, I'm going to be delivering your babies. I want you to know, you're gonna be in good hands. I've been doing this for a long time. I'll be back in a minute to do your internal, in the meantime, just relax because everything here looks great. And also, I love Fonzie. (Exits)	no

 Chandler: Did he just say, he loves Fonzie?	no

 Chandler: All right&
 Frank: (entering) Hey!	no

 All: Hey!	no

 Frank: (To Phoebe) Hey! Am I late? Am I late? Nobody came out yet, right?	no

 Frank: Uh, Delaware. She's on her way though, so until she gets here, I'm gonna be your coach. But don't worry, she told me all about the la-Mazada stuff.	no

 Frank: Yeah.	no

 Rachel: They're male nurses.	no

 Monica: Umm. (Looks at Chandler who is using the phone.) Umm. Umm. I don't think so.	no

 Rachel: What? What are you talking about?! You-you're the one who's been telling me to get over Ross and move on. I'm moving on, and you're moving on with me. Come on, give me one good reason why you don't wanna go.	no

 Monica: Umm, why don't you give me something that would be a good reason and-and then I'll tell you if it's true.	no

 Rachel: What?	no

 Monica: Harder than it sounds. Isn't it?	no

 Rachel: Okay, you're coming with me, and I also told them that if we're still here when they get off that we'll go down to the cafeteria and have some Jell-O with them.	no

 Ross: Hey, where are Monica and Rachel anyway?	no

 Chandler: Really? Male nurses?	no

 Joey: Yeah, I was bummed too.	no

 Chandler: So they're going on dates? When?	no

 Frank: (To Phoebe) What's with him?	no

 Phoebe: Umm, sympathy pains. I thought it was really sweet at first, but now I think he's just trying to steal my thunder. Dr. Harad: (entering) Okay!	no

 Chandler: This-this Fonzie person you keep referring too, is that uh, is that another doctor? Dr. Harad: Oh no-no-no. Fonzie is the nickname of Arthur Fonzerelli. The Fonz.	no

 Chandler: All right. (Dr. Harad exits.)	no

 Frank: It's not that weird, is it?	no

 Ross: To be fair, he doesn&
 Chandler: (spotting her) Oh-hey-hey-hey! There you are!	no

 Monica: Umm, listen there's something I think you should know.	no

 Chandler: Oh, is this about you-you dating the nurse? Yeah, Joey already told me, and I am so-so fine. I mean, you and I we're just, y'know, we're nothing, we're goofin' around.	no

 Monica: Umm, actually I was about to tell you that I was, I was going to get out of it, but hey, if we're just goofing around then uh, maybe I will go out with him.	no

 Chandler: Fine! Maybe I will too!	no

 Ross: Okay, Phoebe, this Dr. Oberman. He has no strong feelings about Fonzie or any of the Happy Days gang.	no

 [Scene: Another hospital room, Joey has now been admitted and his doctor is about to break the bad news to him, Monica, and Chandler.] Joey's Doctor: Mr. Tribbiani, I'm afraid you've got kidney stones.	no

 Joey: Umm, well, what else could it be? Joey's Doctor: It's kidney stones.	no

 Joey: Or? Joey's Doctor: Kidney stones!	no

 [Scene: The delivery room, Dr. Harad is back and checking on Phoebe.] Dr. Harad: All right, you're getting there. Oh, and y'know, these babies are very, very lucky.	no

 Phoebe: Happy birthday! Dr. Harad: Just-just to clarify, I'm not Fonzie. (Phoebe nods in agreement as he leaves.)	no

 Phoebe: I know, it is.	no

 Rachel: Yeah!	no

 Phoebe: Can I tell you a little secret?	no

 Rachel: Yeah!	no

 Phoebe: I want to keep one. (Giggles in excitement.)	no

 Rachel: Ohh, I'm gonna be on the news! Commercial Break	no

 Rachel: Okay, Phoebe, honey, you gotta be kidding. I mean, you know you cannot keep one of these babies!	no

 Phoebe: Why not?! Maybe I can, you don't know!	no

 Rachel: Phoebe, no! This is, this is insane.	no

 Phoebe: Oh, just ask him!	no

 Rachel: Me?!	no

 Rachel: No! Forget it! I am not gonna ask Frank to give you one of his kids!!	no

 Phoebe: Tell him it's for you.	no

 Ross: (entering) Hey! I just heard. What's up? Joey's Doctor: Kidney stones! Now, ordinarily Mr. Tribbiani, we try to break up the stones up with shock waves, but they're to close to the bladder now. Which means we can either wait for you to pass them or else go up the urethra&
 Phoebe: (To Rachel) So did you ask him?	no

 Rachel: No, I haven't had a chance to be alone with him yet.	no

 Phoebe: Undo it. Undo it. Undo it. Dr. Harad: Fonzie met Mork. Mork froze Fonzie.	no

 Rachel: Yeah, but umm&
 Monica: (entering with Chandler) Hey!	no

 Phoebe: Hi!	no

 Monica: (To Phoebe) How are you doing?	no

 Phoebe: Okay, doctor says any minute now.	no

 Rachel: Hi! Male Nurse: Rachel.	no

 Dan: Nice to meet you.	no

 Monica: Chandler!	no

 Chandler: Oh.	no

 Chandler: Sure. (Pause) And listen, thanks for doing that for us, by the way. (Retreats in defeat.)	no

 Dan: Sure! I'll get somebody to cover my shift.	no

 Monica: Oh, great!	no

 Chandler: All right. Very good.	no

 Joey: Ohh, get these things out of me!	no

 Joey: Argh!	no

 Ross: Argh!	no

 Joey: Argh!	no

 Ross: Argh!	no

 Frank: Yeah, I love you. Okay, bye! (To Rachel) Hi!	no

 Rachel: Hi!	no

 Frank: That was Alice's mom, she said she left five hours ago. She should be here by now!	no

 Rachel: Oh, honey, don&
 Frank: Yeah.	no

 Rachel: Yeah. So Frank, three babies. Whew, that just seems like a lot, huh?	no

 Frank: (laughs) Not to me.	no

 Rachel: Yeah, fair enough.	no

 Monica: Bye Dan!	no

 Dan: Uh, bye Monica.	no

 Dan: I see the head.	no

 Frank: Yes, it has a head! Dr. Harad: All right. Keep pushing! Come on!	no

 Frank: YESSSSS!!!!! We got a baby boy!!	no

 Chandler: Yes!	no

 Frank: Frank Jr. Jr.!!	no

 Rachel: Oh, how does he look? How does he look?	no

 Frank: So gross! (He runs back to the delivery room.) [Cut to the delivery room, Phoebe is about to give birth to the middle kid.] Dr. Harad: Okay. You ready to push again?	no

 Phoebe: I already had a baby. Leave me alone.	no

 Frank: Okay, okay, come on, you can do it. You can do it! (Phoebe screams in pain, and Frank screams with her.) [Cut to the waiting room, a twice triumphant Frank returns.]	no

 Frank: Hey, where's his thing? [Cut to the waiting room, a thrice triumphant Frank returns again.]	no

 Frank: Chandler's a girl!	no

 Chandler: Oh God, kindergarten flashback.	no

 Frank: Yeah.	no

 Joey: Oh my God.	no

 Dan: So, I'll call you tomorrow.	no

 Monica: Well uh, you and I are just goofing around, I thought, why not goof around with him.	no

 Monica: I think you're better than you think you are.	no

 Chandler: Really? Okay, so&
 Chandler: Y'know, I sensed that I should stop. So we're okay?	no

 Chandler: Right!	no

 Phoebe: Which one do you have?	no

 Monica: I don't care.	no

 Phoebe: But umm, I mean, did you talk to them about, y'know&
 Rachel: Yeah, umm, no honey.	no

 Phoebe: Oh. It was a long shot. Hey, you guys can I just like have a second alone with the babies.	no

 Monica: Phoebe, we are so proud of you! You're amazing!	no

 Phoebe: I know.	no

 Rachel: So does it really hurt as bad as they say?	no

 Phoebe: Yeah. You won't be able to take it.	no

 Chandler: So uh, now that little Chandler turned out to be a girl, what are they gonna name her?	no

 Monica: (In a sexy voice) Come in. I've been waiting for you. (Rachel enters.)	no

 Rachel: Hi! I just wanna-(sees Monica)-Ahhh!!! Oh my God! (She runs out in horror.) Oh my God!	no

 Monica: Yes. Yes, I was. A guy. From work. (Thinks) I'm seeing a guy from work! Ha!	no

 Monica: Uh-huh, that one!	no

 Rachel: Y'know what, just give me a second and I'll be out of your hair. I'm just gonna grab a jacket. When I get back, I want every little detail. (There's a knock on the door.) Maybe that's him. (Goes to answer the door.)	no

 Monica: (Panicking) Okay, umm, okay, umm&
 Rachel: Why aren't you guys at the movie?	no

 Joey: Well, we were! But Ross was talking so loud on his phone they threw us out!	no

 Ross: I had to talk loud because the movie was loud!	no

 Monica: But why?! Did he get in touch with Emily?	no

 Joey: Well no, not yet. He's calling everyone on her side of the family hoping that someone will help him get in touch with her.	no

 Joey: (entering, wearing a tux) Hey!	no

 Chandler: Oh no-no-no-no-no-no, vomit tux! No-no, vomit tux!	no

 Joey: Don't worry, I had it dry-cleaned.	no

 Monica: Vomit tux? Who vomited on&
 Monica: Oh that's great!	no

 Phoebe: Ugh, PBS!	no

 Monica: What's wrong with PBS?	no

 Phoebe: Ugh, what's right with them?	no

 Joey: Why don&
 Phoebe: What-what are you talking about?!	no

 Joey: Well, yeah, it was a really nice thing and all, but it made you feel really good right?	no

 Phoebe: Yeah. So?	no

 Phoebe: Yes there are! There are totally good deeds that are selfless.	no

 Joey: Well, may I ask for one example?	no

 Phoebe: I'm gonna find a selfless good dead. I'm gonna beat you, you evil genius. (Ross's phone rings and he answers it.)	no

 Ross: (on phone) Hello.	no

 Emily: (on phone from London) Hello, Ross?	no

 Ross: Emily? Emily! Oh my God! Oh my God, it's Emily! (He picks up a lamp and hands it to Chandler, for no reason.) It's Emily everyone! Shush-shush-shhst! (to Emily) Hi!	no

 Emily: Ross, I'm only ringing to say stop harassing my relatives. Good-bye!	no

 Ross: No wait! Look, wait! Okay, you can hang up, but I'm gonna keep calling! I'm gonna, I'm gonna call everyone in England if that's what it takes to get you to talk to me!	no

 Emily: Really? About what?	no

 Ross: Look you're my wife. We're-we're married. Y'know? I-I love you. I-I really miss you.	no

 Emily: I miss you to. Well, at least I think I do.	no

 Ross: (to the gang, whispering) She's talking.	no

 Joey: That he doesn't exist.	no

 Phoebe: Right. (She turns and opens her eyes in shock.)	no

 Rachel: So Chandler, have you heard about Monica's secret boyfriend?	no

 Chandler: Uhh, yeah. She uh, she uh, she uh might've mentioned him.	no

 Rachel: So Mon, when are we gonna meet this new secret waiter man?	no

 Chandler: Really?! That's what you heard? (To Monica) You said that?	no

 Ross: (entering) Hi!	no

 Monica: Hey!	no

 Chandler: Yes!	no

 Monica: That's great!	no

 Ross: In London!	no

 Monica: What?!	no

 Ross: She wants me to move to London.	no

 Monica: But you live here! (Ross rolls his eyes.) You know that.	no

 Rachel: What-what-what are you gonna do?	no

 Ross: I bet if I talk to Carol and Susan I can convince them to move to London with Ben.	no

 Ross: It could happen.	no

 Joey: (To the pledge volunteers) How ya doin'? Welcome. Good to see ya! Stage Director: This will be your phone.	no

 Joey: But I'm the host! Stage Director: No, Gary Collins is the host. You'll be answering the phones.	no

 Joey: You don't seem to understand. See, I was Dr. Drake Remoray. Stage Director: Well, here's your phone doctor. (She walks away.)	no

 Chandler: (entering) Hey, Monica? Can I ask you a cooking question?	no

 Monica: Sure!	no

 Rachel: Chandler! (Pause) Is he?	no

 Ross: All right Emily, as much as I love you, I'm sorry, I can't move to London without Ben.	no

 Emily: I understand that would be difficult.	no

 Emily: I don't know, it's just&
 Emily: All right.	no

 Ross: All right, did you just say all right?	no

 Ross: Oh, Emily that is, that is so great. It's gonna be so great! We're gonna be like-like-like two idiots in love! (She laughs.)	no

 Emily: Ross, there's one thing that really scares me still.	no

 Ross: Yes, tell me.	no

 Emily: Well, you have to understand how humiliating it was for me up on that altar in front of my entire family, all my friends.	no

 Ross: I know. I am, I am so sorry.	no

 Ross: Again, very sorry.	no

 Emily: I mean, I can't-I can't be in the same room as her! It drives me mad just thinking of you being in the same room as her!	no

 Ross: Emily, there is nothing between Rachel and me. Okay? I love you.	no

 Emily: All right. I'll come to New York and we'll try and make this work.	no

 Ross: Oh that is so great! That's&
 Ross: So I asked Emily if she would come to New York, and she said yes.	no

 Chandler: Yes!	no

 Phoebe: Ooh-ohh!	no

 Monica: Great!	no

 Ross: No-no-no! Only if I promise never to see Rachel again.	no

 Phoebe: Why?	no

 Monica: What?! You can't&
 Chandler: Well, you can't just not see Rachel anymore, she's one of your best friends.	no

 Phoebe: Yeah.	no

 Chandler: That's true!	no

 Phoebe: Yeah, but you've known Rachel since High School and you cannot just cut her out of your life.	no

 Monica: No, you cannot.	no

 Ross: Thanks for the help, problem solved. (Wipes his hands.) (The phone rings.)	no

 Monica: (answering it) Hello.	no

 Joey: (on phone) Hey Mon!	no

 Monica: Oh hey Joey! We've been watching all day, when are you gonna be on TV?	no

 Monica: (Looking at the TV) You're not on TV.	no

 Joey: Oh, uh, okay, how, how about now? (He waves his hand in front of the woman next to him and you can now see his arm on TV.)	no

 Chandler: Hey, there he is! There he is!	no

 Joey: Hello New York! (The woman bats his hand out of the way.)	no

 Monica: (entering) Hi Chandler.	no

 Chandler: Hey!	no

 Chandler: Oh that was yours? Uh, yeah, we used it when the duck was throwing up caterpillars.	no

 Monica: Yeah, so?	no

 Chandler: Well I just, thought maybe you'd wanna book some time with the best you'd ever had.	no

 Chandler: Why?	no

 Chandler: What's your point?	no

 Joey: (in a bored voice) PBS telethon.	no

 Phoebe: (on phone from Central Perk) Hey Joey, I just wanted to let you know that I found a selfless good deed. I just went down to the park and I let a bee sting me.	no

 Joey: What?! What good is that gonna do anybody?	no

 Phoebe: Well, it helps the bee look tough in front of his bee friends. The bee is happy and I am definitely not.	no

 Joey: (in an unenthusiastic voice) PBS Telethon.	no

 Phoebe: (on phone) Hi Joey.	no

 Joey: Hey Pheebs!	no

 Joey: And you don't a little good about donating the money?	no

 Joey: A hamster? What, those things are like 10 bucks.	no

 Chandler: (entering) Look, maybe I got carried away before. But there's something you gotta know. If I'm the best, it's only because you've made me the best.	no

 Monica: Keep talking.	no

 Chandler: I mean I was nothing before you. Call the other girls and ask. Which wouldn't take long. But when I'm with you, and we're together, OH&
 Monica: Really?	no

 Monica: But, I just cleaned the bathroom.	no

 Chandler: Yeah, why don't we lose the gloves.	no

 Chandler: All right, let's show them how it's done.	no

 Monica: Ow!	no

 Chandler: Y'know that wasn't part of it?	no

 Rachel: (entering) Hi! Are you ready? We're gonna be late!	no

 Ross: For what?	no

 Rachel: Sure. I guess. Hey, I hear you don't have to go to London. Yay!	no

 Ross: It's not that easy, there's still a lot of relationship stuff.	no

 Rachel: Like what?	no

 Ross: Just stuff. Y'know kinda what Emily wants.	no

 Rachel: Well, why don't you talk to me about it, maybe I can help.	no

 Ross: No. No. You-you can't help. I mean, I kinda have to do this without your help.	no

 Rachel: Well, I-I know you can do that too. I'm just, I'm just saying if you need somebody to talk to&
 Ross: Thanks.	no

 Monica: Never done that before.	no

 Chandler: Nope. End <!--webbot bot="ImageMap" startspan rectangle="(137,1) (193, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season5.htm" rectangle="(68,1) (127, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season5.htm" rectangle="(0,1) (57, 80)  http://thecfsi.com/season5/503t100.htm" src="../contrl08.gif" width="194" height="60" alt="contrl08.gif (14783 bytes)" border="0" --><!--webbot bot="ImageMap" i-checksum="62329" endspan -->	no

 Monica: (quietly) Hi!	no

 Joey: Monica? What time is it?	no

 Joey: But it's dark out.	no

 Joey: I guess I'll get washed up then. Watch that sunrise. (He goes into the bathroom.)	no

 Monica: I'm really getting tired of sneaking around.	no

 Chandler: I know, me too. Hey! Y'know what if we went away for a whole weekend? Y'know we'd have no interruptions and we could be naked the entire time.	no

 Chandler: Yeah, I can say that I have a conference and you can say you have a chef thing.	no

 Monica: Ohh, I've always wanted to go to this culinary fair that they have in Jersey!	no

 Chandler: Okay, y'know your not though. Let's go. (He starts for his bedroom.)	no

 Monica: (entering from her room) Hey, guess what I'm doing this weekend! I'm going to this culinary fair in New Jersey.	no

 Phoebe: Oh weird, Chandler just told us he's got a conference there!	no

 Ross: (entering) Hey.	no

 Joey: Hey!	no

 Monica: Hey.	no

 Ross: Is Rachel here? I gotta talk to her.	no

 Monica: No, she's out shopping.	no

 Ross: Damn!	no

 Chandler: What's going on?	no

 Ross: I told Emily to come. And I just need to y'know, talk to Rachel about it.	no

 Phoebe: Wait a minute! So when Emily comes you're just, you're not gonna see Rachel anymore?	no

 Monica: Wow, so you guys are, you're never gonna be in the same room together? How is that even gonna work?	no

 Ross: I have no idea. I mean&
 Rachel: (entering) Hi, guys!	no

 Joey: Hi!	no

 Chandler: Uh, hey!	no

 Rachel: What's going on?	no

 Chandler: Aww, man! (They go into Monica's room.)	no

 Ross: So, Rach, y'know-y'know how Emily's coming right?	no

 Rachel: Oh yeah! I know. [Cut to Monica's bedroom, Chandler is trying to listen through the door.]	no

 Phoebe: (To Chandler) Can you hear anything?	no

 Joey: (holding a box) Well, remember when they got in that big fight and broke up and we were all stuck in her with no food or anything? Well, when Ross said Rachel at the wedding, I figured it was gonna happen again, so I hid this in here.	no

 Phoebe: Ooh, Madlibs, mine! (Grabs it.)	no

 Chandler: Condoms?	no

 Ross: Anyway it-it kinda-it all boils down to this, the last time I talked to Emily&
 Ross: What?!	no

 Rachel: Oh my God, Le Poo, our dog!	no

 Monica: Sweetie, we heard you crying. Please don't cry.	no

 Rachel: It's Le Poo.	no

 Monica: Ooh, chocolates on the pillows! I love that!	no

 Ross: Hey, so uh, y'know how there's something I wanted to talk to you about?	no

 Rachel: Oh yeah! (Turns to face him.)	no

 Rachel: What?	no

 Ross: Umm&
 Rachel: Sorry. Sorry.	no

 Ross: Okay, I uh, I can't see you anymore.	no

 Rachel: Yeah, I know. It's ridiculous! I can't see you either.	no

 Chandler: What? Why?	no

 Monica: (To Chandler) Excuse me, umm, can I talk to you over here for just a second?	no

 Chandler: Uh-huh. (He doesn't take his eyes off the TV.)	no

 Monica: Chandler!	no

 Chandler: (turning to face her) Yeah.	no

 Monica: Okay, this one I like!	no

 Monica: Can we turn the TV off? Okay? Do we really want to spend the entire weekend like this?	no

 Monica: What did you say?	no

 Chandler: I said, &quot;Geez, relax Monnnnn.&quot;	no

 Rachel: Hi!	no

 Ross: Hey. Rachel, I-I-I've been wanting to tell you something for a while now and I really, I just have to get it out.	no

 Rachel: Okay, what's up?	no

 Ross: Okay, y'know how you told me I should do whatever it takes to fix my marriage?	no

 Rachel: Yeah, I told you to give Emily whatever she wants.	no

 Ross: And while that was good advice, you should know that what-what she wants&
 Rachel: Yeah?	no

 Ross: &
 Ross: It's awful I know, I mean, I feel terrible but I have to do this if I want my marriage to work. And I do, I have to make this marriage work. I have too. But the good thing is we can still see each other until she gets here.	no

 Ross: You have no idea what a nightmare this has been. This is so hard.	no

 Ross: What are you doing?	no

 Ross: Rachel, this is your apartment.	no

 Rachel: Yeah, well that's how mad I am!! Commercial Break	no

 Chandler: Damn Rollos!	no

 Joey: Hey, you're back!	no

 Chandler: Hey.	no

 Joey: How was your conference?	no

 Chandler: It was terrible. I fought with (Pause) my colleagues y'know, the entire time. Are you kidding with this? (Throws away another Rollo)	no

 Joey: Oh, so your weekend was a total bust?	no

 Monica: (entering) Hi!	no

 Joey: Hey, you're back too!	no

 Monica: Yeah. Umm, Chandler can I talk to you outside for a second?	no

 Joey: Hey, how was your chef thing?	no

 Monica: Chandler! (Motions for him to come outside.)	no

 Monica: Okay, I'd like to know how much the room was because I'd like to pay my half.	no

 Monica: Urghh!!	no

 Ross: You should've seen the look on her face. I don't want Rachel to hate me! I don't know what to do.	no

 Joey: You want my advice?	no

 Ross: Yes! Please!	no

 Joey: You're not gonna like it.	no

 Ross: That's okay.	no

 Joey: You got married to fast.	no

 Ross: That's not advice!	no

 Ross: I'm going to the bathroom. (Gets up and exits.)	no

 Rachel: (entering) Hi!	no

 Joey: Hi, Rach.	no

 Chandler: Hi!	no

 Phoebe: Hey.	no

 Monica: Hey.	no

 Rachel: Look, I know you guys heard about the whole thing with me and Ross but y'know, I've been obsessing about it all day and I'd just love not to talk about it. All right?	no

 Rachel: That's not Ross!	no

 Phoebe: Oh no! Not that guy! He does look like him though.	no

 Chandler: Okay, Ross is in the bathroom.	no

 Joey: Oh, that poor bastard.	no

 Monica: You're not gonna be phased out!	no

 Rachel: Well, of course I am! It's not gonna happen to Ross! He's your brother. (To Chandler) He's your old college roommate. Ugh, it was just a matter of time before someone had to leave the group. I just always assumed Phoebe would be the one to go.	no

 Chandler: (entering) Hey!	no

 Chandler: Yes that was mine.	no

 Joey: Y'know, I-I don't even feel like I know you anymore man! All right, look, I'm just gonna ask you this one time. And whatever you say, I'll believe ya. (Pause.) Were you, or were you not on a gay cruise?!	no

 Phoebe: Come where?	no

 Phoebe: Okay, but try and get Joey too.	no

 Ross: Hi.	no

 Rachel: Hi. What are you doing here? Isn't this against the rules?	no

 Rachel: Oh, Ross&
 Rachel: No, it's not better. I still don't get to see you.	no

 Ross: Well, what-what would you do? Rach, if you were me, what-what would you do?	no

 Ross: I can't believe this is happening.	no

 Rachel: I know.	no

 Ross: I am so sorry.	no

 Rachel: I know that too.	no

 Chandler: (entering) Hey!	no

 Monica: Hi.	no

 Monica: Yeah, it did.	no

 Chandler: So, I guess this is over.	no

 Monica: What?	no

 Chandler: Well, y'know, you and me, it had to end sometime.	no

 Monica: Why, exactly?	no

 Chandler: Because of the weekend, we had a fight.	no

 Chandler: So, this isn't over?	no

 Monica: (laughs) You are so cute! No. No, it was a fight. You deal with it and move on! It's nothing to freak out about.	no

 Chandler: Really? Okay. Great!	no

 Chandler: (stops her) We're in a relationship?	no

 Phoebe: Hey!	no

 Monica: Hey!	no

 Monica: Hey, Rach, can I borrow your eyelash curler, I think I lost mine.	no

 Rachel: Yeah, it's in there. (Points to the bathroom.) (Joey puts two and two together.)	no

 Joey: (shocked) Oh! Ohh! Oh!!	no

 Joey: Ohhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!	no

 Chandler: Yes. Yes. (Lets him up.)	no

 Joey: (To Chandler) You?! (To Monica) And-and you?!	no

 Monica: Yes, but you cannot tell anyone! No one knows!	no

 Joey: How?! When?!	no

 Chandler: It happened in London.	no

 Joey: IN LONDON!!!	no

 Chandler: No-no-no-no-no! You can't!	no

 Monica: Please? Please?! We just don't want to deal with telling everyone, okay? Just promise you won't tell. (Joey thinks it over.)	no

 Joey: All right! Man, this is unbelievable! I mean, it's great, but&
 Monica: I know, it's great! (She goes over and kisses Chandler.)	no

 Phoebe: We're so stupid! Do you know what's going on in there? They're trying to take Joey! Ending Credits	no

 Joey: I guess I'm done.	no

 Chandler: Fun's over!	no

 Monica: Wait-wait, guys! If-if we follow the rules, it's still fun and it means something!	no

 Rachel: Uh-huh!	no

 Joey: I think I'm gonna take-off.	no

 Monica: What?!	no

 Monica: Sorry.	no

 Chandler: Sorry. (They wait for Joey to go into his room and close the door and then start making out again.)	no

 Joey: (from the bedroom) I can hear that!	no

 Monica: (To Chandler) Rachel's at work. (They both go to her apartment.) (Pause.)	no

 Phoebe: Hey!	no

 Joey: Hey!	no

 Chandler: Hello!	no

 Monica: Hey, what's that?	no

 Joey: Argh-argh!! (Catches the coat.) Ooh, soft. Is this mink?	no

 Ross: (entering) Hey!	no

 Gunther: Oh, Ross? Ross! You can't put up flyers in here.	no

 Gunther: You can't.	no

 Monica: What is that?	no

 Ross: Yes, yes it is! No, but it's good it's&
 Gunther: I'll take it all.	no

 Chandler: Okay, but don't you think this is a little extreme?	no

 Monica: Now calm down Joey.	no

 Chandler: Yeah I know, we're losing Ross, Joey said hence&
 Joey: No! But y'know, I'm an actor, I'll act cool.	no

 Monica: Oh my God! Fog him! Fog him! (Rachel grabs the bug bomb, activates it, throws it at the figure, and they both run out through the fog.)	no

 Phoebe: I don't know what I'm gonna do about this coat.	no

 Joey: I'll take it!	no

 Phoebe: That might work! (She gives him the coat.)	no

 Joey: What's the matter Ross?	no

 Phoebe: Why?	no

 Chandler: So you're really okay with this?	no

 Joey: Now he's movin'? Man, what is Emily doing to him? (Phoebe pinches him again.) Ow!! He's not even here!!! (Monica and Rachel enter breathless.)	no

 Rachel: You guys! You guys!	no

 Rachel: It was like this crazy-eyed, hairy beast man! He was like a, like a bigfoot or a yeti or something!	no

 Monica: And he came at us with an axe, so Rachel had to use a bug bomb on him!	no

 Rachel: Yeah!	no

 Joey: Yeah, you fogged Danny.	no

 Rachel: Please! We did not fog Danny! Who's Danny?	no

 Danny: Yeah?	no

 Rachel: Hi! You might not remember us, but we are the girls that fogged you.	no

 Monica: We're-we're really sorry we fogged you.	no

 Rachel: Hi! Just so you know, we-we didn't mean to fog you, we thought you were like a yeti or something.	no

 Danny: Okay. (He closes the door again. Once again, Rachel knocks (harder this time) and he answers it.)	no

 Danny: Yesss?	no

 Monica: Yeah.	no

 Monica: Well you did a little bit.	no

 Rachel: Oh my God, honey, I'm so sorry!	no

 Rachel: Really?	no

 Monica: Yes!	no

 Phoebe: Hey!	no

 Monica: Hey!	no

 Phoebe: So listen, you know my friend Chris who owns the crematorium?	no

 Monica: Crematorium Chris? Sure!	no

 Rachel: Oh my God! Oh my God, look at these pelts!	no

 Ross: (on phone) I know I miss you too. I can't wait to see you. I love you. Bye. (Hangs up.)	no

 Ross: No-no, this is my collection of fossil samples.	no

 Ross: I'm really gonna miss this apartment. Y'know, Ben-Ben took his first steps right over there. (Points.)	no

 Joey: Ohh. Hey, remember when I ran into this thing (The shutters that close off the kitchen.) and it kinda knocked me out a little?	no

 Ross: I loved this place! To tell you the truth, I wish I didn't have to move.	no

 Joey: Uhh, are you saying that you're not entirely happy about this?	no

 Ross: Well, I mean if uh, if Emily gave me a choice&
 Joey: You do have a choice!! Ross, why are you listening to her?! Are you, are you crazy?!	no

 Ross: Why?	no

 Ross: What's going on?	no

 Joey: We all hate Emily!	no

 Monica: No, Ross, we do not hate Emily. We-we just, we just think that you're having to sacrifice a whole lot to make her happy.	no

 Joey: Yeah!	no

 Chandler: Look, we just think that maybe she's being a little unreasonable.	no

 Joey: Yes! Yes! Unreasonable!	no

 Monica: God, I feel so guilty about Ross.	no

 Phoebe: Oh, I know.	no

 Rachel: Hi!	no

 Danny: So you like the short hair better.	no

 Rachel: What? Yeti&
 Rachel: (shocked) What?	no

 Rachel: What? Hey! No-no-no! This not cool! You don't even know me!	no

 Rachel: So from that you think you've got me all figured out? Well, you don't! Y'know I-I could have toys for underprivileged kids in here!	no

 Danny: Do you?	no

 Rachel: And stop saying that! I hate that!	no

 Danny: The pizza-place across the street any good?	no

 Rachel: What?!	no

 Rachel: Okay. Okay.	no

 Chandler: Uh, Ross?	no

 Phoebe: Are you still mad at us?	no

 Ross: Yep.	no

 Phoebe: Oh good! Because we have an &quot;I'm sorry&quot; song.	no

 Ross: Y'know what? I'm really not in the mood.	no

 Joey: Look, Ross, I feel really bad. I mean, you're going through all this stuff and I just acted like a jerk.	no

 Joey: Look, we were way out of line, we totally support you.	no

 Ross: Look, this is hard enough! I really need you guys right now.	no

 Joey: Hey, y'know Ross, I think I kinda understand why I kinda lost it today.	no

 Ross: You do, huh?	no

 Ross: What are you talking about?	no

 Joey: (thinks) I'm not sure.	no

 Rachel: (entering) Hi!	no

 Monica: Hey, look at you! Where have you been?	no

 Rachel: Oh, I went to have pizza. With Danny.	no

 Monica: How did that happen?	no

 Rachel: That yeti is one smooth talker.	no

 Monica: I hope you're not full, 'cause dinner's almost ready.	no

 Rachel: Yeah, y'know I-I think I'm just gonna hang out in my room.	no

 All: No! Why?	no

 Ross: Wait! Wait! Wait! Y'know what? Just stay. Please? It uh&
 Rachel: Ross, I&
 Joey: RACHEL PLEASE!!! JUST HAVE DINNER WITH US!!!	no

 Rachel: Okay. Okay. Joey, it's okay. Settle down.	no

 Joey: All right, I-I'm sorry. I'm sorry. You see Rach I'm an actor&
 Ross: Hey! Hey, look! Ugly Naked Guy's back! (They all run over to the window.)	no

 Rachel: I haven't seen him in so long!	no

 Phoebe: Oh God, I really missed that fat bastard! (Pause.)	no

 Monica: Wow, this is so weird. I just realized this might be the last time we'll all be hanging out together.	no

 Joey: It's almost as if he knew. (The phone rings.)	no

 Monica: I'll get it. (On phone.) Hello. (Listens.) Hi Emily! (Listens.) Yeah, uh you-you tracked him down. Hold on one second. (She hands the phone to Ross.)	no

 Ross: Hey! (Listens.) Yeah-yeah, we're just having dinner. (Listens.) Uh, yeah, sure uh hold on. (To the gang.) She wants to say hi. (To Emily) Hold on. (Ross puts her on speakerphone.)	no

 Phoebe: Hi Emily!	no

 Chandler: Hi!	no

 Ross: Y'know what? Uh, Rachel is here! (Rachel stops.)	no

 Emily: She's there?!	no

 Chandler: Oh yeah, there-there she is!	no

 Ross: Yeah, yeah, she's here.	no

 Emily: Ross, take me off speakerphone. (He does so.)	no

 Ross: (on phone) Hi.	no

 Ross: (going onto the patio) Look Emily, I'm just having dinner with my friends, okay?	no

 Emily: You obviously can't keep away from her.	no

 Ross: Emily that's ridiculous. Look, I'm-I'm moving for you, I'm cutting friends out of my life for you. Please, just get on the plane and come to New York. Okay, you'll see you're the only person I want to be with.	no

 Emily: I'll feel better when I'm there, and I can know where you are all the time.	no

 Ross: Well, you can't know where I am all the time. Look, this marriage is never gonna work if you don't trust me.	no

 Emily: You're right.	no

 Ross: So, can you trust me? (Pause.)	no

 Emily: No. (Ross lowers his head.) [Cut to the inside of the apartment.]	no

 Joey: I think it's going okay. Looks like he's smiling.	no

 Monica: How can you tell? You can only see the back of his head!	no

 Ross: Well, I guess that's it.	no

 Ross: My marriage is over.	no

 Monica: Oh, sweetie. Oh, look at you. You're shivering.	no

 Phoebe: Here. (She wraps her coat around his shoulders.)	no

 Rachel: Ross, honey, is there anything we can do?	no

 Chandler: Are you looking at naked tribe's women?	no

 Joey: No, look. (Shows him the magazine.)	no

 Chandler: What?!	no

 Joey: Why?	no

 Chandler: How can he do that? Didn't you sign a lease?	no

 Joey: Hey, you can stay with us! We'll take care of ya!	no

 Joey: Yeah.	no

 Ross: You got it.	no

 Joey: Okay.	no

 Ross: What?	no

 [Scene: Monica's restaurant, she is getting inspected by the health department, Phoebe is watching.] Health Inspector: Wow, Monica, if every restaurant is as clean as yours, I'd have a tough time making a living.	no

 Monica: Oh, Larry.	no

 Monica: Okay, knock yourself out, Larry. (He goes into the kitchen.)	no

 Monica: Larry?	no

 Larry: And where is your hat?	no

 Monica: It's in the kitchen, I'll go get it. (She heads for the kitchen door and just after she goes through the door&
 Larry: Ahh that's the 2 points.	no

 Phoebe: Yeah, but then I can be you sidekick Vunda.	no

 Phoebe: Okay, she would love that! Y'know, 'cause you know all the clean places to eat.	no

 Phoebe: Okay. (Larry goes to leave but heads the wrong way and makes a quick sidestep to go out the right door.)	no

 Monica: Thanks.	no

 Rachel: Thank you. (To Monica) Mon?	no

 Monica: Hmm?	no

 Rachel: How's Ross doing? Y'know since all the Emily stuff.	no

 Monica: He's not great umm, but he's dealing with it. Oh wait a minute, you're not gonna try&
 Rachel: I don't know! He hasn't called me since that one time when we went out. I see him in the hallway, we flirt, I'm all ha-ha-ha-ha, and nothing.	no

 Danny: (To them) Hey!	no

 Rachel: Ohh, great!	no

 Danny: Yeah, I'm really looking forward to it.	no

 Rachel: Yeah.	no

 Danny: Okay, see ya. (Heads out.)	no

 Rachel: (laughs) Okay. All right, I see what he's doing! He's not asking me out, because he wants me to ask him out.	no

 Monica: And you're not gonna do that.	no

 Monica: So-so there is no party.	no

 Rachel: No, there's a party. There's a party. But the power, that is still up for grabs. You follow me?	no

 Rachel: Exactly.	no

 Joey: Ross?	no

 Ross: (entering from the bathroom) Hey roomies!	no

 Joey: Not a problem. And listen, hey! Since you're gonna be here for a while, why don't&
 Chandler: Oh yeah!	no

 Joey: Hey, all right!	no

 Ross: Pretty cool, huh? (They both laugh as Ross heads back to the bathroom.)	no

 Larry: You look beautiful this evening.	no

 Phoebe: Shiny.	no

 Phoebe: Why?!	no

 Phoebe: (awed) You have the power to do that?	no

 Phoebe: (excited) Shut it down.	no

 Joey: Hey.	no

 Chandler: What are you doing?	no

 Joey: Nothing.	no

 Chandler: You built a fort didn't ya?	no

 Joey: (smiles) Kinda.	no

 Chandler: I hate this thing!	no

 Rachel: Oh, hi Danny.	no

 Danny: Hey guys, I just uh, wanted to invite you to the party tomorrow night.	no

 Monica: You are?	no

 Danny: Really! You-you sail?	no

 Rachel: No-no, but I support it.	no

 Danny: Okay, (To Monica) hope I see you tomorrow night.	no

 Rachel: Okay. (Closes the door.) Walked right into that one didn't he?	no

 Monica: What one? You wanted him to invite you to the party and he did it!	no

 Rachel: Ball? There is no ball.	no

